*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag000_03|I'm Supposed to be Happy
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0101]
[「]……suu……suu……」
[￥]

I could hear Manami's healthy sleeping breath coming from beside me. After the sex, she[r]
had been unable to sleep for about a half hour, perhaps because of the lingering effects, but[r]
now she was fast asleep.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami……」
[￥]

I couldn't help but mutter the name of my beloved wife as I listened to her faint breathing[r]
from next to me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I'm happy……I'm really happy right now……）
[￥]

There was no doubt about it.
[￥]

I had a beautiful, good-natured wife and a good job. By all accounts, I was happy.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes, I'm happy…… I have to protect this happiness.」
[￥]

It's a given.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It should be …… that we have to protect it. And yet, why?」
[￥]

When I hear Manami sound sleep, her happy smile comes to my mind. For me, the symbol[r]
of happiness may be Manami's smile. That's why I am so happy to see it…….
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]No good. What am I thinking …… I'm different from such-and-such a person. I'm different.）
[￥]

Still, I've recently started to have …… again every night, that dream![――]What is the reason [r]for these dark thoughts?
[￥]

It’s because I’m happy now.[――]But I want to do this.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]No, no. It has to be different…… So that's why I think I dumped him and that last name.[――][r]Tomikura's last name……！）
[￥]

I was moaning. I didn't know why this dark feeling was welling up inside me.
[￥]

I'm sure of one thing..
[￥]

That is[――]That I will have that dream again tonight.
[￥]

That filthy ritual, a repulsive sight, and a mesmerizing memory that has been deeply, deeply[r]
etched into my mind as a dream.
[￥]

Yes, it's my dream.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]