*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag001_03|To the Hometown I Should Have Left Behind.
[待ち time=1000]
[ウィンドウ表示]
[揺れ time=300 dir=横]

[――]BANG
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「][――]！？」
[￥]

With a violent shake, I woke up.
[￥]

I had that dream again. This is a dream I have every night. When I get up, I'm sweaty and[r]
my heart is pounding.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Huh …… huh, huh …… kuku 」
[￥]

…… And also. My penis was very erect.
[￥]

Even now, my pants were cramped even though I was riding on a bus.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

Manami, sitting next to me, seems to be immersed in the romance novel "How to Make Tea"[r]
which she bought before we left, and she doesn't seem to be aware of my condition.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Huh ……)
[￥]

After I calmed down, I looked out the window.
[￥]

[音楽 file=日常昼]

The rural roads in the mountains continue endlessly, and what look like farm houses start to[r]
appear.
[￥]

This is Shiranawa village. It is the hometown where I was born and spent my childhood.
[￥]

It is a relatively large area in the mountains, and although the official name of the town is[r]
Okudayama-cho, local residents continue to refer to it as Shiranawa Village since the olden[r]
days.
[￥]

All this time, despite being such a remote village, the economy, mainly based on agriculture,[r]
has not shown much decline.
[￥]

The population has not declined either, which is unusual for these times, and the customs[r]
and traditions of the past remain strong.
[￥]

It was an old, old village, as if it had remained as it was in the past to the present day.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

Large lanterns with snake eyes painted on them hung at the main gates of each house,[r]
undeniably reminding me that the traditional summer festival was approaching in this country[r]
town.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I'm back …… and just in time for this festival ……)
[￥]

With chagrin, my penis, which had finally begun to quiet down, begins to swell and harden[r]
again.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0102]
[「]Oh, you're awake. 」
[￥]

Manami leans over and looks at the same scenery as me from beside me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0103]
[「]What kind of festival will there be? Bon Odori folk dances, night markets, or firework? Do[r]
they get many tourists? 」
[￥]

Innocently, Manami asks.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I don't know. I was old enough to still remember but…… I don't really remember.」
[￥]

I answered with half-truths.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]But yeah, …… I don't think there were too many tourists or anything. It's kind of a secluded[r]
place.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0104]
[「]I see. But …… it's ……, it's a festival in your hometown. So it must be a wonderful festival.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……I hope you're right.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0105]
[「]Takahiko -san 」
[￥]

Manami holds my hand tightly.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami? 」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0106]
[「]It's sure to be a wonderful festival. So, Takahiko-san, let's go home this year with lots of[r]
memories of your hometown.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh, yes, …… absolutely.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0107]
[「]Yes」
[￥]

Manami is beaming. As I stare at her face, I think…
[￥]

It is true that I remember leaving the village, but it was a lie to say that I don’t remember the[r]
summer festival. No, rather than just remembering it, it was etched into my …… mind.
[￥]

I knew the true nature of the village's summer festival, which could only be described as[r]
horrifying and crazy.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Yes. That's why I came back with Manami. After once abandoning this village and my home[r]
……)
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

After getting off at the nearest bus stop, we walked on the country road.
[￥]

On both sides of the concrete road, green rice fields are growing.
[￥]

Scarecrows stood in some places, and dragonflies were flying around.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0108]
[「]Beautiful weather. And the air is so fresh.」
[￥]

Manami looks up at the blue sky and slowly takes a deep breath.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It's a rural village. They have nothing to brag about except their air and water.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0109]
[「]Oh my, isn't that so wonderful? 」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Well, yes.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0110]
[「]Yes, it is.」
[￥]

Manami smiled at me. It was an innocent and charming smile, just like a little girl.
[￥]

It is no exaggeration to say that I work to protect this smile. There is a saying, "it removes[r]
pain just looking at it," and that is exactly what my wife's love has been for me. Just by[r]
smiling at me, she soothes my heart.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0111]
[「]Oh, they’re working on the farm. 」
[￥]

Manami sees a tractor in the rice field. A man a little over fifty years old and another man[r]
about the same age as as me were farming in the blue sky. The two bowed lightly and stared[r]
at Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Fifties_Man】]
[「]……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Man】]
[「]……」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0112]
[「]Eh …… Takahiko -san? 」
[￥]

Manami looks up at me anxiously.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Don't worry about them …… This area is really rural. They're not used to strangers, or[r]
rather, they're wary of them.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0113]
[「]Yes, is that why? …… Yes, it is.」
[￥]

Manami believes in my words and convinces herself.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

I found myself somewhat aroused, still feeling the eyes of the two men looking at Manami.
[￥]

Yes, because the way those two looked at Manami was as if they were …… beastly and[r]
male, as if they were examining her…….
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]