*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_02|Beautiful Stepmother Night Crawl
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[長太郎 trans=false file=私服笑い]
[1000trans]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]After all, it's nice to have a meal with the whole family.」
[￥]

The family was together in the hall for breakfast.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Right, Dad.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

I don't know what I'm doing, I think. In front of Manami, at least on the surface, I have to play[r]
the role of a good son to my father.
[￥]

I was surprised at myself for being strangely calm like that.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0237]
[「]…………」
[￥]

[ブラックアウト opa=150]

One of the reasons for this was Manami's attitude. She had a tendency to become[r]
withdrawn from time to time.
[￥]

Occasionally, she would make a gesture as if to ask me how I was feeling, and it was clear[r]
that this was out of a sense of guilt.
[￥]

For me, it's a vicious cycle, because Manami's attitude makes me feel sorry for myself.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I'm sorry, it's just…… isn't it?)
[￥]

A kind of conflicting emotion was rising in my mind.
[￥]

What kind of things will be done to Manami today?[――].
[￥]

[画面効果解除 trans=false]
[立ち絵消去 trans=false]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]…… hm)
[￥]

I shake the insolent thought from my mind. I can't blame my own Father's audacity if I have[r]
such thoughts at the family table in the morning.
[￥]

I will once again concentrate on performing 「family dining」 together.
[￥]

There were four people in the hall: me, Manami, my father, and Ayaka. Gonzo was not at this[r]
「family」 table.
[￥]

[彩花 trans=false file=私服普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0100]
[「]Manami, would you like a refill?」
[￥]

Ayaka-san asks Manami who put down her chopsticks.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0238]
[「]Oh……. Thank you for your concern, mother-in-law. But I'm already full………」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0101]
[「]Oh, yeah?　Well, don't be shy.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0239]
[「]Ha, yes……」
[￥]

I don't think that Manami's had reservations. On the dining table, there were more than[r]
enough dishes for the four of us.
[￥]

As Manami is not a heavy eater by nature, and she also tends to be preoccupied with me, it[r]
is not surprising that she can only manage to finish one bowl of food.
[￥]

At first glance, the food was a simple Japanese breakfast, but it was immediately apparent[r]
that attention was paid to nutritional balance and overall color.
[￥]

Ayaka's hospitality is well displayed, but ……Perhaps she misjudged some of the portions[r]
because of that hospitality.
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服普通左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0102]
[「]Manami, I said it yesterday, but please don't call me …… mother-in-law. We are a family, so[r]
Ayaka is fine.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0240]
[「]Ha, yes. Ayaka……san.」
[￥]

Ayaka laughs as if tinkling a bell. In response, Manami gives her a somewhat awkward look.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Not unreasonably, ………)
[￥]

Manami-san would not understand why Ayaka-san can smile so carefree.
[￥]

The same as myself……As she got married before me,[r]
She must know what the woman of this house are going through.
[￥]

In any case, she might have been played with by men last night, just like Manami. And yet, I[r]
wondered why she could laugh in such a normal way.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami actually doesn't know)
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[全消去 trans=false]
[セピア背景 trans=false file=書斎昼]
[拡張 time=1500 move=モザイク]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[『]Ayaka-san did that? 』
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[長太郎 eff=セピア file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[『]Oh. While you are back home, let me treat you as a …… so called 「normal family」 without[r]
any of our traditions, for example..』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[『]I don't care what kind of blame I receive later. I have offered it to you.』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[『]…………』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[『]That's when I knew Ayaka still liked you.』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[『]Ayaka-san is……』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[『]Of course, not as a mother, but as a woman.』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[『]…………』
[￥]

[長太郎 eff=セピア file=私服邪ま]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[『]Kukku. Even though we've been apart for such a long time, I wondered if you were still[r]
harboring a childish crush…… I was extremely jealous of you, my own son.』
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[『]I was on fire that night thanks to you. I pushed her down roughly, and I loved her until she[r]
said of her own accord that she would never leave my cock for the rest of her life.』
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[彩花 trans=false file=私服普通]
[拡張 time=1500 move=モザイク]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Naturally, my gaze was directed at Ayaka-san.
[￥]

Just before I left this house…… Ayaka, who had just married my father, was a 「wonderful[r]
older sister」 to me. It was the first time in my life that I had a faint, yet definite love for her.
[￥]

That feeling was trampled upon by my own Father, and that is what caused me to abandon[r]
this house.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0103]
[「]Then I will make you a cup of tea.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]
[彩花 trans=false file=私服普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0241]
[「]Oh ……. Ayaka-san, I'll take care of that……」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0104]
[「]No, Manami. You may sit down.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0242]
[「]But…」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0105]
[「]Hmmm……. It's been a long time since I made tea for Takahiko-san. Besides,…… I'd like[r]
Manami-san to have a cup of my brewed tea too.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0243]
[「]Ha, yes……」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

Giggling, Ayaka-san stands to make tea with a smile like the young girl just as she was back[r]
then.
[￥]

However, her limbs, which I was staring at with an unobtrusive yet penetrating gaze, have[r]
changed beyond compare.
[￥]

Ripe like a flower in full bloom, the woman is blossoming.
[￥]

[――]You can set this bitch loose[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

I felt like I heard that voice from the depths of my stomach.
[￥]

My back shuddered, and I began to feel that horrifying feeling …… of being cuckolded by[r]
the one I loved, and the joy of being a bull, which was different from the excitement of being[r]
cuckolded by the one I loved, began to rise up inside me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]… Oh, I’m looking forward to it)
[￥]

I think of the time when the lanterns hanging in the garden are lit and Kagachi-sama appears[r]
in the village.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[長太郎 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Oh, yeah.」
[￥]

[音楽 file=村昼]

What ended my fantasy was, ironically, a casual word of encouragement from my father.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]As for during your stay, you are free to do as you please, unless you have something to do.[r]
You can relax at home, or you can go out and roam.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]If you're free, I'd be happy if you could play shogi with me, but…… hmm, I don't want you to[r]
neglect Manami-san.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]
[長太郎 trans=false file=私服普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服不安右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0244]
[「]No, I'm not such a………」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Since you're here. Why don't you and Manami go for a drive? If you want to use the car, take[r]
the one you like. I'll have Gonzo get the keys for you.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……got it. Thank you, Dad.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

While mechanically fulfilling my role as a family member, as usual, the residue of my earlier[r]
fantasies remained stuck in my head.
[￥]

The image of Manami being played with by others. And the image of Ayaka-san being played[r]
with by me……
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服邪ま]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]……you should take it easy.」
[￥]

My father laughed, the corners of his mouth twisting, as if he could see right through my[r]
thoughts.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]