*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_06|Jealousy and Excitement at Having Their First Time Stolen
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[イベント time=1000 file=H038 cond="f.EjaSelect==1"]
[イベント time=1000 file=H039d cond="f.EjaSelect==2"]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Uuu, Kuu, Uuu……!」
[￥]

I was alone in the bathroom, ejaculating, as I watched my beloved Wife, Manami, taking my[r]
father's semen and being defiled on the video screen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]haha…… haha……」
[￥]

My breathing is ragged due to guilt and uncontrollable excitement.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Oh, Manami…)
[￥]

Even I, her husband, have never had a blowjob from her. I was jealous that my father, whom[r]
I hated, took that away from me.
[￥]

The truth of what she was doing not long ago, when I met her in the morning near the[r]
washroom, was strangely sexy.
[￥]

These thoughts spin dizzyingly around and around in my head in the chaos immediately after[r]
ejaculation.
[￥]

I was fiercely excited as a result of it all.
[￥]

Manami’s mouth being defiled, and on top of that, by my own father…… The thought of that[r]
makes my heart clench.
[￥]

But at the same time, why is it so beautiful to see Manami being bathed and defiled by my[r]
hateful father's semen[――]?
[￥]

I also realize that such feelings occupy a large part of me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Oh ……, Manami, ……!)
[￥]

I think as I stroke my erection again.
[￥]

There's no need for me to be the only one to feel so frustrated.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Oh, oh, ……)
[￥]

At that moment, what I was seeing was not only the image of my beloved Wife being[r]
humiliated on the small screen in front of me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Ayaka ……)
[￥]

In my mind's eye, I had an image of Ayaka-san, who was down on her knees and moaning[r]
…….
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]