*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_07|For a Drive with my Dear Wife
[待ち tme=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[1000trans]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Let's leave the mending behind and go for a drive, Manami.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0320]
[「]Drive……?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes. It's nice weather, so we can bring our own lunch. See, what did my father say? 『I’ll[r]
have a car ready.』」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0321]
[「]I agree……. Yeah, I think it's fine.」
[￥]

Manami was on board with my plan. She stopped her needlework and gave me a smile that[r]
seemed to clear her face a little.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0322]
[「]Ah, but I don't want to bother him. If we use the car……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Don't worry, we have plenty of cars. We have a sports car and a few other things.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0323]
[「]Haha, I feel uncomfortable in such a nice car, don't you?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Is that so? Then there should be a normal car that Ayaka-san and Gonzo use for shopping,[r]
so let's borrow that.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0324]
[「]Yeah, I think that's a good idea.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Well then, let's borrow a car…… Manami, where would you like to go?」
[￥]

If you drive around this area, it is common to drive along the road that connects the two[r]
mountains, Daebusan and Seokgasan, and take a walk on the mountain road along the way.
[￥]

Or perhaps a ride over the mountains and along the coastline along the Sea of Japan would[r]
be a liberating experience.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'll do everything I can to accommodate your wishes.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0325]
[「]I'll leave it to you.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Leave it to me, huh? That's a big responsibility. I mustn't bore you.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0326]
[「]Come on, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

Manami laughs at my joke with an annoyed look on her face.
[￥]

Now, if we are going to leave, it is always better to leave early.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]So let's get ready. I'll borrow the car keys.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0327]
[「]Yes. Then I will prepare lunch. Ufufu……」
[￥]

Manami smiles happily, something she hasn't done since coming to my parents' house.
[￥]

She may have been harboring a secret that she couldn't tell me, but she may also have been[r]
somewhat bored, too.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=1000]
[ウィンドウ表示]

After confirming that Manami was in the passenger seat, I fastened my seatbelt.
[￥]

Well then…… which route should I go?
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]