*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_10|It's Okay Once in a While
[待ち time=1000]
[ＳＥＬ file=渓流]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=よい雰囲気]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0405]
[「]…………」
[￥]

After the event was over, Manami actually remained silent throughout the entire process of[r]
putting her clothes in order.
[￥]

Then, the two of us came out of the bush and came to the river bank where the car was…
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0406]
[「]Ah, um…… Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

In a timid tone, she finally opened her mouth.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What's wrong, Manami?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0407]
[「]Oh, um, …… I'm ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami ……?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0408]
[「]Was that a bit …… embarrassing ……, don't you think …… what happened earlier[r]
…………?」
[￥]

After the event was over, the sense of shame that she had been suppressing may be[r]
erupting all at once, and Manami actually looks as if she is about to cry.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0409]
[「]So, but…… I…… I'm like that…… that kind of thing……」
[￥]

She seems to be frantically searching for words, probably having no idea how to explain[r]
herself.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0410]
[「]I, I would never do something so dirty ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……It's okay, Manami.」
[￥]

It was really the same for me. I never thought that I would be so intensely attracted to[r]
Manami.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0411]
[「]Takahiko-san ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It's okay to …… once in a while, Manami.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0412]
[「]Is it …… sometimes?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah, I'm sure. You're usually too reserved. It's okay to let it all out like that …… once in a[r]
while. Of course, with me too……」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0413]
[「]That's right…… yes. S-sometimes……」
[￥]

Manami must have imagined our appearance just a bit ago, and turned turned bright red and[r]
looked down.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Maybe we were too open with each other out here in nature……Hey, let’s eat lunch instead.[r]
All that movement made me hungry.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0414]
[「]Ah ……, yes.」
[￥]

Still blushing with embarrassment, Manami agrees and starts to head to the car to get her[r]
lunch box.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0415]
[「]T-Takahiko…… san.」
[￥]

As if she made up her mind on the way, she stopped and looked back at me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami ……?」
[￥]

The expression on his face was not the shyness he had shown earlier, but something[r]
thoughtful and serious.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… What's up, Manami?」
[￥]

I, too, took on Manami's demeanor and responded to it with a straight face.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服怒り]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0416]
[「]……I love you」
[￥]

Manami looked straight into my eyes……as she said it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0417]
[「]No matter what……whatever happens, I love you.」
[￥]

Behind those sincere eyes, …… I'm sure she felt guilty for sleeping with her husband's[r]
Father, but more than that, I'm sure she had love for me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami ……」
[￥]

And I have …… the guilt of sacrificing my wife to my father for my own desires, and more.[――]
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… me too, Manami.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0418]
[「]Takahiko-san ……!」
[￥]

And…… inside of me, beyond that sense of guilt, I have a strong love for Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I love you too. Manami……」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0419]
[「]Yes, ……!」
[￥]

Manami actually smiled happily at my words.
[￥]

Despite our mutual secrets, we are…… very aware of our love for each other.
[￥]

I felt that thought strongly in my heart…….
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]