*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_13|I Know I Have Disgusting Proclivities
[待ち time=1000]
[ＳＥ file=車走行]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[ウィンドウ表示]

After that[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

I put Manami in the passenger seat again and we drive along the coast road.
[￥]

It’s earlier than I thought it would be, and if we keep going at this rate, we should be able to[r]
make it in time for dinner.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0527]
[「]*snore* …… *snore* ……」
[￥]

Manami was so tired that within minutes of leaving the parking lot of the love hotel, she was[r]
asleep in the passenger seat.
[￥]

No wonder. After all that fun at the beach, qw had such intense sex.
[￥]

At a stoplight, I looked over at Manami in the passenger seat.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0528]
[「]Hmm…… Hmm……」
[￥]

She makes a small twitch, but soon begins to breathe peacefully in her sleep.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami ………)
[￥]

After all, I love this person.
[￥]

I can say that with confidence, I think again now.
[￥]

I know that my desire to have Manami embraced by others and to feel intense arousal at the[r]
sight of her lasciviousness is something I can't control.
[￥]

I think, but even so, I definitely don't want Manami to fall in love with another man and leave[r]
me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm a selfish man, I’m……」
[￥]

I gently combed Manami’s hair, which had loosened and was hanging down on her cheeks,[r]
with my fingers.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0529]
[「]Hmmm……」
[￥]

Manami wriggles, tickled………
[￥]

I can't stop feeling selfish and self-loathing.
[￥]

However[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… !」
[￥]

Before I knew it, the traffic light had turned green. I accelerated my car in a hurry, urged on[r]
by the car behind me.
[￥]

While I think it's selfish……… Despite my disgusting proclivities and self-loathing,…….
[￥]

I once again felt that I could not restrain my desires.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]