*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_14|It’s Not About Guilt
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

We finally returned home from our drive around evening.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0530]
[「]Excuse me, Takahiko-san……I'm going to take a bath before dinner…」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Huh?　Uh, oh, ……」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

As soon as she returned to the guest room, Manami said so and left.
[￥]

Indeed, it was a sunny day, even though I had cleaned myself up after the event. I did sweat[r]
a bit in the car on the way home.
[￥]

Besides…… I don't think there's anything of that particular smell remaining, but if my father[r]
or Ayaka-san noticed even a little bit of that lingering scent…… it might be embarrassing and[r]
awkward.
[￥]

That's why I think she wants to refresh herself by bathing again and changing her clothes.
[￥]

I was left alone in the guest room.
[￥]

……That's when it happened.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]……Takahiko-sama, may I」
[￥]

Before I has time to think about how to distract myself, I saw Gonzo's shadow through the[r]
shoji screen.
[￥]

It was as if he was waiting for Manami to leave the room.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Gonzo?　What's is it?」
[￥]

[ＳＥ file=障子２]

After waiting for my reply, Gonzo entered the room.
[￥]

For a moment, I thought it might be about something wrong with the car, but when I thought[r]
about it, it wasn't Gonzo’s place to say something like that to me.
[￥]

[権造 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Hee hee, I have something for you from my Master.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]From my father?」
[￥]

At that point, I had a vague and unpleasant premonition rising in my chest.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Yeah, this……」
[￥]

Gonzo respectfully handed me a brown envelope that he had kept in his pocket.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……this is?」
[￥]

Receiving it, I still couldn't gauge my father's true intentions, so I asked Gonzo.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]He…… asked us not to look inside in front of Manami-sama.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… in front of Manami?」
[￥]

My bad feeling is increasing.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]I certainly passed it on. Heh, then……」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

After saying that and bowing once again, Gonzo immediately left the room.
[￥]

I am once again left alone in the guest room.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]From my father……?」
[￥]

Looking at the brown envelope, I see that on the front, in my father's handwriting, it says,[r]
「From after 7:00 a.m. until just before breakfast.」
[￥]

The moment I saw it, I remembered when I met Manami in the dressing room.
[￥]

Manami, who had that strangely sexy, seductive aura of a woman…….
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[ＳＥ file=鼓動]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……！」
[￥]

Thump[――]And my heart is pounding.
[￥]

When I opened the envelope with trembling hands……it seemed to contain several sheets of[r]
A4 sized paper.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh![――]―」
[￥]

[音楽 file=不安]
[全消去 trans=false]
[イベント trans=false file=H039e]
[1000trans]

Those few sheets of paper[――]The moment I saw the print out of the enlargement of the photo, a dumbfounded voice[r]
leaked out of my mouth.
[￥]

What was reflected there was none other than Manami.
[￥]

Of course, if it was just her in the picture, I wouldn't be so surprised. The problem is…… its[r]
content.
[￥]

Someone who is not me[――]No, judging from the body in the photo and Gonzo's words and actions, there is no doubt[r]
that this is my father.
[￥]

There was Manami, kneeling in front of my father's crotch, servicing his penis.
[￥]

The first one, she hides her eyes in embarrassment.
[￥]

[イベント file=H039f]

The second one, her face is red with shame, but she is now accepting his penis.
[￥]

[イベント file=H039g]

With her head held down, she’s forced to accept his cock all the way down her[r]
throat……The third picture, she seems to have been forced to deep throat.
[￥]

[イベント file=H039h]

And the fourth picture …… she looks humiliated as his cock pumps her mouth full of semen[r]
and she is taught the taste of it.
[￥]

There, the whole story of Manami giving a blowjob that she had never even done with me[r]
was played out in the series of photographs.
[￥]

In the last one, even the picture of his dirty penis being cleaned with the tip of her tongue[r]
was clearly shown.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Feeling guilt?……There was none)
[￥]

I finally learned the real reason why Manami had seemed so sexy all morning. If she had[r]
been forced to do such a thing so early in the morning, that would be expected.
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[1000trans]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Hmm…… a letter……?」
[￥]

In addition to the photo, the envelope contained a letter from my Dad.
[￥]

[『]To be able to comfort her father-in-law's morning erection by giving him a blowjob that she’s[r]
never even done for her Husband before, is an unexpectedly good bride, Takahiko.』
[￥]

I felt dizzy…… I could feel the blood draining from my head.
[￥]

Manami must have woken up earlier in the morning than I did and was on her way to the[r]
washroom or something when her father caught her.
[￥]

And as can be seen in these pictures, she was instructed to give him her first blowjob, just[r]
like that.
[￥]

She had been forced to suck her Husband's Father's cock in the morning, which tickled her[r]
bitch in heat instincts.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]That's why …… we were both so intense…… )
[￥]

That's why she begged for sex like that on her own in the middle of a date.
[￥]

Even though she got excited by giving the blowjob, she didn’t reach her climax. That made[r]
her frustrated.
[￥]

Manami was just using me to relieve the lust that was aroused by the blowjob she had with[r]
my father……
[￥]

I don’t think that’s what Manami intended. However, that’s what happened as a result.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It wasn't guilt ……, it wasn't guilt …….」
[￥]

Once again, this time I muttered it out loud.
[￥]

In contrast to the feelings burning inside me, I calmly tuck the envelope into my locked[r]
briefcase.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Is it okay for me to be left alone?)
[￥]

The flames of jealousy that flared up in my chest whispered in my heart.
[￥]

If my father laid his hand on my beloved Manami, shouldn't I also take appropriate[r]
retribution?
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Naturally……)
[￥]

My brain, scorched by the flames of jealousy, was already filled with the image of that[r]
woman[――].
[￥]

The haunting image of Ayaka-san, my father's wife, came clearly to mind.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]