*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag002_15|A Continuation of the Lewd Dream I Had That Day.
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=1000]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

It was late at night……I opened my eyes in the moonlit room.
[￥]

I got up from the futon and looked at Manami, who was sleeping next to me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0531]
[「]…… *snore* …… *snore* ……」
[￥]

Even when I brought my hand in front of her face, she was deeply asleep, showing no[r]
reaction.
[￥]

She is probably sleeping peacefully because my Dad is out of town tonight.
[￥]

…… and perhaps the medicinal tea that Gonzo had prepared was also very effective.
[￥]

When I was a child, I used to drink it when I couldn't sleep because I was nervous and[r]
awake the night before a .
[￥]

Since it was prepared by Gonzo, it was a bit dubious, but at least for me, it was an excellent[r]
drink that would put me to sleep on the first try.
[￥]

In hindsight, there was a part of me that was worried that there might have been some[r]
childhood charms, some assumed effects, but apparently they were effective.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Now……)
[￥]

I quietly slipped out of the guest room…
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[全消去 trans=false]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]

I walked through the hallway, which was still lit up with lanterns hanging here and there,[r]
trying to make as little noise as possible.
[￥]

In my hand is the fox mask that was displayed in the mansion.
[￥]

Gonzo will never return to the mansion once his duty is complete. There isn’t a single person[r]
in this mansion who will get in the way right now.
[￥]

Before long, I arrived at the place I was looking for, Ayaka-san's room.
[￥]

Without making a sound, I opened the shoji screen a little and slipped my body through.
[￥]

[音楽 file=不安]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0106]
[「]…… *snore* …… *snore* ……」
[￥]

Ayaka-san's sleeping breaths can be heard in the shadows.
[￥]

With this as a guide, I proceeded to the back of the room, halfway enticed.
[￥]

After a while, my eyes adjusted. The moonlight alone is enough to tell the state of the room.
[￥]

Ayaka-san, who has a gentle sleeping face on a linen summer futon with a thin brocade, is[r]
clearly visible.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Ayaka-san ………)
[￥]

I walk over to her and gently pull off the comforter.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0107]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Either she is very deeply asleep, or it is a moment of relief for Ayaka-san that my father is[r]
not there. She doesn't even show any sign of waking up.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Wearing only a white undergarment, Ayaka-san continues to breathe peacefully.
[￥]

Her busty cleavage and plump thighs vividly jump out at me in the dim darkness.
[￥]

While swallowing my breath, I brought my lips to Ayaka-san's face while she was sleeping.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]