*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_01|Welcome to the Morning of the Third Day
[待ち time=1000]
[ＳＥ file=小鳥]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

I returned to my loathsome parent's house and greeted the morning of the third day.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0532]
[「]……Hmm……Hmm……」
[￥]

Manami is sleeping on the futon next to me, looking the same as last night.
[￥]

There was no sign of my father calling on her this morning. I should have been relieved to[r]
see her peaceful sleeping face.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

However, at the same time, I find myself harboring some kind of disappointment, albeit only[r]
slightly.
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0533]
[「]Mmmm ……mmmmm ……」
[￥]

As I brushed the hair from her cheeks with my fingertips, Manami seemed to be nearing[r]
awakening, and she let out a squeak as she leaned forward a little.
[￥]

Manami's sleeping face is as lovely as an innocent little girl's, and just looking at it like this[r]
makes me feel irresistibly in love with her.
[￥]

However, on the other hand, when I imagine that this little girl-like face would show an[r]
unbelievably lewd expression if she accepted the cock of someone other than me, her[r]
husband, I thought, I feel a surging in my groin beyond just normal morning wood.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]It's the worst, I…)
[￥]

I am using my beloved wife only to satisfy my own twisted sexuality.
[￥]

I am cheating on, hurting, and humiliating my loving Wife, who continues to believe in me[r]
with all her heart, and is trying to be my wife.
[￥]

Uncontrollable lust and the accompanying rock hard cock. And intense self-loathing……
[￥]

With these two conflicting emotions, I continued to watch my beloved Wife's sleeping face.
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[フッタ]