*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_01b|Still, I Love You.

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]No…… still, I……)
[￥]

I looked at Manami's sleeping face once again, who was sleeping peacefully.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0535]
[「]Hmmm……mmm……Takahiko……san……」
[￥]

My heart ached as if it would burst in my chest when she called my name in her sleep.
[￥]

I still love this person …… Manami.
[￥]

There is no way that this feeling can be false.
[￥]

Certainly, I have the same distorted dark desires as my father. To do so, I use and even[r]
deceive my wife. but.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Still, …… I'm not faking my love for Manami.)
[￥]

I whisper strongly in my heart.
[￥]

It is also true that there is a part of me that lusts to be a cuckold to my wife.
[￥]

However, if the target were a woman other than Manami, would I be as excited as I am? No,[r]
I would not …….…
[￥]

Manami is the reason I have such crazy conflicting feelings.
[￥]

It shouldn't just be an act to get immediate excitement or pleasure.
[￥]

This desire of mine is how much I love Manami, how irreplaceable I feel she is, and how[r]
much I don't want to lose her……
[￥]

I think there is a part of me that wants to ask myself that question, confirm it, and make it an[r]
even stronger desire.
[￥]

I'm well aware that this is a kind of selfish, self-justifying or theorizing.
[￥]

As a result, Manami is hurt, defiled, and humiliated because she believes in me. There is no[r]
way I can argue with that.
[￥]

However[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]But I still …… love Manami after all!)
[￥]

I thought strongly in my heart once again.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]