*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_01c|Shall I Bring You Some Food?
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Good morning, Takahiko-sama, ma'am.」
[￥]

A voice called out unexpectedly from behind the shoji screen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Gonzo?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Yes」
[￥]

Guessing that Manami hasn't woken up yet, Gonzo continues speaking without opening the[r]
shoji screen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Since neither Master nor Ayaka-sama will be eating this morning……」
[￥]

That makes sense, I thought to myself.
[￥]

Ayaka-san must still be in a state of shock after last night. At the very least, it must be[r]
difficult for her to face me.
[￥]

Father must have already guessed what happened between me and Ayaka-san.
[￥]

It is unlikely that Ayaka-san will tell him what happened, but being the shrewd man that he is,[r]
it shouldn’t take him long to find out that his own wife made a cuckold.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]And?」
[￥]

However, I do not care to mention it, and urge Gonzo to go on.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Yes, that is the case. If you would like, I would be happy to take Takahiko-sama and[r]
Manami-sama's meals to this room.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……Sure. Can you do that for us?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Yes, sir. Then I will bring it to you at once.」
[￥]

As soon as he said that, Gonzo's figure disappeared from behind the shoji screen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0536]
[「]Hmm…… uh……」
[￥]

Manami's eye lids are twitching in the glare of the morning sun. She will probably wake up[r]
soon.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I should go wash my face. It would be fine to wake Manami up afterwards.)
[￥]

I left the room quietly, leaving Manami sleeping, and headed for the bathroom.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]