*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_03|Welcome to the Morning of the Third Day
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

Just as my father said, the sun went down in a blink of an eye.
[￥]

After dinner and an early bath, Manami and I were back in our room again.
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0537]
[「]I think I may have gotten a little carried away……」
[￥]

Manami, who was wearing a yukata, waves a fan by the window to cool off her flushed skin[r]
after taking a bath.
[￥]

Manami's expression was returning to its normal, cheerful self, probably due to the effects of[r]
the medicinal tea last night and the fact that she had not been summoned by my father.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I wish the bath at home was as big as this one.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0538]
[「]Hehe. Yeah. Ah, but……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0539]
[「]The bath at home…… when the two of us go in together…… maybe that size is just[r]
right……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Even though the two of us are embracing each other as we enter?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0540]
[「]Eh, yeah…… no, Takahiko-san…… you don't have to say it so clearly……」
[￥]

A tinge of shame is added to Manami's flushed face. Manami's appearance, which is a[r]
mixture of both cute and sexy, almost makes me dizzy.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I don't know how many times I've gotten excited by it. When I hold you so tight, I lose track[r]
of time.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0541]
[「]No, no…… already…… Takahiko-san, you said that on purpose……」
[￥]

Manami's cheeks turn more and more red. Perhaps embarrassed to be seen blushing like[r]
that, she hides her face with a fan, which is even more adorable.
[￥]

When she is acting normal like this, I still can't believe it.
[￥]

This pretty, lovely, chaste and innocent girl-like wife had an affair with my father, lusted after[r]
him, and even climaxed violently in a way that I can't even imagine from her current[r]
appearance.
[￥]

And that she is a woman who can hide it from me …… her husband, lie …… and look[r]
innocent, for example.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Tonight, what kind of perversion will this 「pretty and virtuous wife」 Manami actually do?[r]
What kind of behavior will she show me that I don't know?
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0542]
[「]Takahiko-san, what happened? If you stare at me like that, I'll become even more[r]
embarrassed……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Hmm?　Oh, …… sorry, sorry. I just got carried away.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0543]
[「]Oh, my gosh, ……!　Takahiko-san, you're so mean!」
[￥]

While Manami and I were smiling at each other, various thoughts about tonight were swirling[r]
in my head.
[￥]

The two people that came to mind as Manami's partner tonight were my father and Gonzo.
[￥]

My dad is a man who is a step or two ahead of me when it comes to this sort of thing. I have[r]
to admit that, even with my stubbornness and frustration.
[￥]

And most of all, he will use the fact that he is my father to torture Manami's and my heart at[r]
the same time.
[￥]

On the other hand, Gonzo, with his skillful sexual technique, may be able to do something[r]
outrageous with Manami that I and others cannot do.
[￥]

In addition, the fact that Gonzo, who is a servant, a person who is supposed to serve this[r]
house, me, and Manami, is the one who teases and tortures Manami, I find very compelling.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Well…… which one should I talk to……? )
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]