*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_06|Wet Breath That Blows
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0619]
[「]Phew…… ah…… ah…」
[￥]

Manami was in the aftermath of a deep climax, blowing her moist, wet breath on my head.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Gufufu. It looks like it went really well, Manami-san.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0620]
[「]……」
[￥]

Manami bites her lip and swallows her voice in response to my father's tactless words[r]
without a shred of restraint.
[￥]

At the same time, I get the feeling that he's asking me, but……
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami……I wonder if she's feeling guilty about me…)
[￥]

Such thoughts pass through my mind.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Manami was so fiery, so look at this. The sheets are a mess.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0621]
[「]That's right. This is all thanks to you, Father-in-law……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Really?　Are you saying it's only my fault?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0622]
[「]That's right……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Well, that's fine. At the most, it's fine if you only make me the bad guy.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0623]
[「]……！」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]However, it would be a little embarrassing if things were left as they are. Even the insensitive[r]
Takahiko would notice something when he sees this situation. Most of all, this smell. It's not[r]
good to have the smell of a bitch in heat in the air.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0624]
[「]Well, that's …… no good!　That's ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Then we have no choice. Here ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0625]
[「]Oh, ……, what are you doing?」
[￥]

My father seems to have picked Manami up and, in the process, stripped the soiled sheets[r]
off the futon.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=全裸普通左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]We have to clean up before Takahiko wakes up. My semen and Manami's juices are mixed[r]
together and it smells …… awful.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=全裸不安右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0626]
[「]Ugh……」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=全裸笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Here, here. Go to the bathroom …… and I'll wash your back.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=全裸怒り右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0627]
[「]No, I don't want it!　I don't want that ……」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=全裸普通左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]I don't care. There's nothing wrong with taking a bath with my son's wife.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=全裸不安右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0628]
[「]That's ridiculous……」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=全裸笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Look here, look here. Don't worry, Takahiko might wake up.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0629]
[「]……」
[￥]

My father was able to talk his way out of it, and he and Manami left the room together.
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

I confirm that their footsteps have moved away from me, and I sit up with a start.
[￥]

Manami's sheets were not the only thing that needed to be cleaned up. The sheet I slept on[r]
had a surprisingly large amount of semen stains sticking to it, even to …… myself.
[￥]

I was masturbating like a monkey while my father and Manami were having sex.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Not yet …… not yet ………)
[￥]

Still, my erection did not subside.
[￥]

Manami was taken by my father. There was no way she was going to be able to just rinse off[r]
her ...... body and take a bath with my father.
[￥]

I am sure they will start the second round without me this time.
[￥]

I was tempted to go peek into the bathroom, but I couldn't do that in case of an emergency.
[￥]

Frustrated, I gripped my erect penis again and began to stroke it……
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Two hours have passed since then. In the meantime, I consoled myself while fantasizing[r]
about the actions in the bathroom many times.
[￥]

No matter how many times I ejaculated, my erection never subsided, but I was so engrossed[r]
in it that it would be uncomfortable to run into Manami when she returned.
[￥]

With my boiling desire, I had no choice but to replace my soiled underwear with the new[r]
ones I had prepared and continue pretending to be asleep.
[￥]

Before long[――].
[￥]

[ＳＥ file=障子２]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0630]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Manami came back into the room with small footsteps.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0631]
[「]Ugh……」
[￥]

I heard a small voice let out, probably in response to seeing me continue to pretend to be[r]
asleep. A sad exhale filled with a clear sense of guilt.
[￥]

I can hear the sound of the sheets rubbing behind my back, as if she is changing the sheets[r]
for new ones.
[￥]

Manami then sighs sadly once more and then snuggles under the covers next to …… me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0632]
[「]Such a thing……」
[￥]

A mumbled voice.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0633]
[「]If I keep doing this …… I …… will go crazy ……」
[￥]

It …… still feels like guilt and exhaustion from the constant torture.
[￥]

Yet, it may have also sounded somewhat euphoric and enraptured.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami ………)
[￥]

I felt a tightening in my chest at the thought of such love.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]