*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_07|Beloved Wife as a Servant
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0634]
[「]…………」
[￥]

In the guest room, Manami is alone, reading a book while cooling off by the window.
[￥]

I was peeping at Manami from a hidden passageway.
[￥]

I had told Manami that I was going to see a friend who lived a short distance away.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]It's about time……)
[￥]

I was checking the clock, waiting for the moment to arrive.
[￥]

Then…….
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Manami-sama, may I?」
[￥]

Gonzo called out to Manami from behind the shoji screen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0635]
[「]What, ……?　Goh, Gonzo-san, ……?」
[￥]

Manami looked quite puzzled because of what time is was and, most importantly, my[r]
absence from the situation.
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣不安左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0636]
[「]What is it? ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]May I come in?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0637]
[「]Please……」
[￥]

However, Manami, who was not accustomed to treating Gonzo as a servant, could not say[r]
「Don't come in」 without insulting him, so she reflexively gave him permission.
[￥]

[ＳＥ file=障子２]
[権造 file=私服普通右]
[音楽 file=不安]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Oh, Takahiko-sama is out.」
[￥]

Gonzo, who opened the shoji screen and entered the room, says this in a deliberately[r]
surprising manner.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0638]
[「]Uh, yeah. He’s going to see an old friend or something……」
[￥]

I could see some relief in Manami’s face. She thought that if he had come here on the[r]
assumption that I would be there, he must not have been thinking of something unusual.
[￥]

However, if you look at it objectively, there is no way that Gonzo is unaware of my absence.[r]
He is the one who manages the keys to the car.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Please excuse me for a moment.」
[￥]

Gonzo placed the package in his hand in front of Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0639]
[「]What, what is …… this?」
[￥]

Even though she was relieved, Manami didn't have a good impression of Gonzo to begin[r]
with. Being alone with such a man must have been unbearable.
[￥]

I could see that she was just barely hiding her disgust.
[￥]

[権造 file=私服邪ま右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]No, I came to give Manami a massage at the Master's request, you see.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0640]
[「]Uh, a anma ……?　Uh, …… massage, is it?」
[￥]

[権造 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]If you say it in a pun, it's like that, isn't it?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣怒り左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0641]
[「]Hey, that's fine! I…… don't need that.. It's fine……please go home.」
[￥]

Manami responds immediately, and Gonzo gives her a deliberate, sullen look.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]That's very embarrassing. If I return without doing the Master's bidding, I'll get a big kick in[r]
the nuts.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣不安左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0642]
[「]So, but……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Please, Manami-sama. Please …… think of it as helping …… me, ……!」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0643]
[「]Even if you say that, …… I'm in trouble too……」
[￥]

Manami's personality makes it difficult for her to kick him out of the room without a fight if he[r]
is humbled right in front of her.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0644]
[「]Ah, it's me after all[――]」
[￥]

Still, Manami, who must have had a bad feeling about the situation, tried to refuse and[r]
showed it………
[￥]

[権造 file=私服邪ま右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]And ......I think it won't be good for Manami if she says she doesn't need ......Master's favor,[r]
......I think so, too.
[￥]

Gonzo added lowly, as if she was about to be eaten.
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣怒り左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0645]
[「]Well, you can't just go to ……. Are you threatening me?」
[￥]

[権造 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]No way!　I am only thinking of Manami-sama …… and by extension Takahiko-sama ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0646]
[「]……」
[￥]

Having my name mentioned must have been the last resort.
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣不安左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0647]
[「]I understand……」
[￥]

Manami nodded in agreement, albeit with an air of disapproval.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Is that so?　If you say so, I, Gonzo, will be glad to hear it.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0648]
[「]Ma, just a massage, right? Really……」
[￥]

[権造 file=私服邪ま右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Yes, yes. Of course it is.」
[￥]

Gonzo smiles and unwraps the furoshiki wrapping cloth.
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣怒り左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0649]
[「]What the heck is this? ……!」
[￥]

Inside was a sheer undergarment.
[￥]

No……if it was just a plain undergarment, Manami wouldn't have raised such a voice either.
[￥]

[愛実 file=浴衣不安左]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0650]
[「]Are you asking me to wear this ……?」
[￥]

The garment was so thin that it was clearly transparent even when folded, and if worn, the[r]
skin underneath would surely show through.
[￥]

[権造 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Heh, it's necessary clothing for massage.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0651]
[「]But…… like this……」
[￥]

[権造 file=私服邪ま右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]……It’s a request from my Master, so it’s okay.」
[￥]

Preempting Manami's reluctance, Gonzo once again …… says in a low voice, this time in a[r]
clearly threatening tone.
[￥]

Manami still hesitated, but eventually gave a resigned sigh.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0652]
[「]Okay, fine…… I'm going to change my clothes, so please turn around.」
[￥]

She said this with a blush of shame on her face, perhaps in contemplation of the futility of[r]
rejecting him any further.
[￥]

[権造 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Heh heh heh」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

On the other hand, Gonzo breaks down and turns his back as he was told.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0653]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Manami is concerned about Gonzo's presence, but does as she is told …… and changes[r]
into her skimpy underwear.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0654]
[「]This is such an embarrassing outfit ……!」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]What?　Are you done?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0655]
[「]Oh, not yet!」
[￥]

Manami stopped Gonzo, who tried to blithely look back at her, and hurriedly finished getting[r]
dressed.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]