*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag003_09|Used to Having Sex With Someone Other Than Her Husband.
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Uh, uh…… M-Manami……! )
[￥]

Inside the hidden room, I am stroking my own erect penis while staring at Manami's[r]
lasciviousness……I am stroking my penis, which is hard.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami,……!　Oh, such a nasty expression on her face …… and her voice like a ……[r]
beast!)
[￥]

I can't stop jerking off. My hands are already a mess with my own endlessly overflowing pre-[r]
cum.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Making such vulgar noises and dripping love juices like that……! )
[￥]

I can't take your eyes off Manami’s obscene appearance. I stare intently and I just jerk off[r]
with lust.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]It’s……It's not mine…… make her pussy overflow with semen that isn't her husband's……![r]
Ugh…… Ugh! )
[￥]

Manami’s vagina, which had relaxed and was sloppily opened, was gushing Gonzo’s[r]
yellowish semen. I was also ejaculating in my hand while watching Manami.
[￥]

Simultaneously[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0723]
[「]I'm sorry …… I'm sorry …… Takahiko …… Saan ………」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]……！！）
[￥]

I was sure I heard Manami, who I thought was fainting, mutter something like a whimper.
[￥]

No……or was she unconscious after all……and being violated by someone other than me[r]
while she was in a dream?
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami……）
[￥]

Manami is rapidly beginning to accept the pleasure of being embraced by someone other[r]
than me.
[￥]

That’s why……That’s why she’s saying 「I’m sorry」.
[￥]

I was immersed in a feeling of tightness in my chest as I realized this.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]