*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_01|Morning of the Fourth Day. Overt Change
[待ち time=1000]
[ＳＥ file=小鳥]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

It was the morning of my fourth day at my parents' house.
[￥]

The skies are clear today and the morning air is fresh and crisp.
[￥]

However, perhaps because of last night's events, I was dripping with sticky night sweats.
[￥]

[音楽 file=村昼]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Good grief……」
[￥]

I just wanted to take a bath and freshen up.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami……)
[￥]

I got up from the futon and looked at Manami who was next to me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0724]
[「]……Hmm……
[￥]

Manami actually turned over in her sleep and turned her peaceful sleeping face to me as if[r]
we had arranged it.
[￥]

As usual, she's still sleeping like an innocent …… adorable little girl[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]No……)
[￥]

It was only at first glance that it seemed that way.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0725]
[「]Hmm…… ah……」
[￥]

If you look closely enough, you can see it immediately. Her sleeping face now is not only[r]
innocent and lovely.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0726]
[「]……hafu……」
[￥]

Just like me, she was sweating thinly from the afterglow of last night's events… and her[r]
expression was also oozing with a rich femininity.
[￥]

Manami is rapidly being remade. From a chaste and innocent wife…… to an obscene[r]
woman. And not by me, but by the hands of my father and those around him.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]…… Manami)
[￥]

When I think about it, my chest hurts like it's about to burst.
[￥]

However, even though it hurts…… what fills most of my heart is the dark desire and[r]
excitement that I continue to have for Manami…
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]