*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_02|Request from Nagataro
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

Breakfast time arrives[――].
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服普通左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0189]
[「]Manami-san, how about some tea after breakfast?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0727]
[「]Ah…… yes, Ayaka-san. I'll enjoy having that」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0190]
[「]Phew. You finally said it without hesitation, didn't you? Since you had been eating so little[r]
since you came to this house, I was a little worried that maybe you were getting a little[r]
tired.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0728]
[「]No, not that kind of ……」
[￥]

Manami smiles back at Ayaka with a shy, troubled smile.
[￥]

There was an air of harmony about them that gave no hint that they had exchanged their[r]
original husbands and made love to the other.
[￥]

Ayaka-san aside, I was a bit surprised by the way Manami showed such toughness, but at[r]
the same time, I was also impressed, saying, 「Ah, Manami is a woman, after all.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami is a light eater to begin with, Ayaka-san. Right, Manami?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0729]
[「]Yes, I am. I have to force myself to eat in the mornings in the summer……」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服普通左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0191]
[「]Well, I would feel sorry for Takahiko-san …… if you collapsed after having come all this[r]
way.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]
[長太郎 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Ayaka, can I have some tea too?」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]
[彩花 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0192]
[「]Yes, right away……」
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[立ち絵消去]
[ブラックアウト opa=150]

And, of course, it was the same for me and my father.
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]

There is not the slightest hint of cuckolding and being cuckolded by each other's wives.
[￥]

Everyone uniformly plays up the family's peaceful family breakfast.
[￥]

In itself, however, there is nothing strange about that.
[￥]

Manami actually doesn't realize that I had sex with Ayaka or that I know that she is being[r]
fucked by my father and his servant.
[￥]

And Manami actually doesn't even talk to Ayaka about what is being done to her. She has[r]
promised to herself that she will keep her relationship with my father a secret. She is being[r]
told by my father that she is the only victim of this abominable custom, and that she is the[r]
only one in the house for now.
[￥]

Ayaka would not have discussed what was going on in the house with Manami, either. On[r]
the surface, the night is a secret between her and me.
[￥]

Both …… Manami and Ayaka believe that they are the only ones who know what is going on[r]
in this house right now.
[￥]

So in this way, we can act out the same morning meal as before.
[￥]

But …… the fact is that change is definitely happening. Especially when it comes to[r]
Manami.
[￥]

In Manami's mind, playing with Kagachi-sama with my father, and Gonzo has become[r]
something she has 「agreed」 to do.
[￥]

Of course, at the root of it is her affection for me and her feelings of consideration…… The[r]
more I think about it, the more my heart aches.
[￥]

More than anything else, I am impressed by the transformation of Manami, who is starting to[r]
get used to the current situation.
[￥]

Now Manami, truthfully, if my father or Gonzo wanted a relationship with her, would probably[r]
accept it without even a little bit of resistance.
[￥]

I allow myself to moan lewdly, telling myself, 「This is something I can't help,」 while giving[r]
…… myself permission to do so.
[￥]

And it is actually a change that comes from habituation that is happening elsewhere than[r]
things like affection for me.
[￥]

From 「habituation」 to enduring humiliation with guilt over me, to enduring the lewd act itself[r]
that is given to her.
[￥]

Gradually, Manami actually begins to accept and tolerate humiliation and violation as a form[r]
of 「habituation.」
[￥]

Thinking like that makes my heart burn with jealousy……
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[画面効果解除]
[長太郎 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Oh, yeah, Takahiko.」
[￥]

As I was still trying to keep my composure, my father, the cause of my jealousy …… called[r]
out to me.
[￥]

[音楽 file=村昼]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… what?」
[￥]

I respond in a calm family mask.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]You're here at your parents' house, so take your time.[――]I would like to say, but could I ask you one thing?」
[￥]

A father's request[――].
[￥]

At that point, I had a bad feeling, but of course, I didn't show it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What is it?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Gonzo and Ayaka are usually sufficient inside the house, but they are busy this time of year.[r]
If I ask them to leave for some trivial matter outside the house, the inside of the house will[r]
not be able to run smoothly this time.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Houses are far apart in this neighborhood, and even …… a small errand often requires a car[r]
to get out of the house.」
[￥]

My Father nodded affirmatively and continued.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]In particular, it's only at times like this that two or three errands overlap. Well, there are two[r]
things you could do for me after you've been away from home for a while.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]One is that the Senior Citizens' Association is going to hold a party to beat the summer heat,[r]
and I need you to prepare some snacks. All I need you to do is to go to that fish shop you[r]
know and love. You remember that place, don't you?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes, I remember.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Another thing is that the young people are setting up the yagura stage in preparation for the[r]
Bon Odori dance festival. I want you to make a delivery there. I've already prepared what I'm[r]
going to bring in, so I just need you to carry it for me.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I see. I can handle that much.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]I don't mind leaving one to Gonzo, so could you take care of one of them?」
[￥]

That's what my father said.
[￥]

From what I've heard, it doesn't sound like there's any scheming.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ok then.[――]」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通]

I was ready to hear more about the errand.
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[フッタ]