*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_05|Learn More About Preparing for the Bon Odori Dance

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I see, Bon Odori. Come to think of it, it's that time of year already.」
[￥]

The town's Bon Odori dance has been a familiar event to me since I was a child. It was also[r]
a regular event for the town's youth group to assemble the yagura, the stage for the dance.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]It's not so much a matter of running an errand as it is a simple matter. All you have to do is[r]
run down to the liquor store in town, pick up the sake and other drinks ordered ahead of[r]
time, and distribute them to the young people.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]I've also ordered lunch from another caterer, but I've arranged for it to be picked up at the[r]
liquor store there. It's a lot of stuff, but you know, as long as they drop it off at the liquor[r]
store, they will take care of the rest.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Can I just receive it?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Hmmm. I'm sorry it sounds like a child's errand, but first of all, I don't have enough hands to[r]
get it there.. If you leave for your errands before noon, there should be no problem.. Manami-[r]
san and you should go together.」
[￥]

[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通右]
[長太郎 trans=false file=私服普通左]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0737]
[「]Me too……?」
[￥]

Manami showed a slightly disappointed face.
[￥]

I was surprised, but I was also surprised with him. I thought he was thinking of something[r]
bad to pull me away from Manami……
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Hmmm. Manami-san must be bored being cooped up at home. You can choose any car you[r]
like, so I don't mind if you take it for a drive.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……You’re probably right,, but is that okay, Manami?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0738]
[「]Yes, then…… I will also go with you.」
[￥]

I wonder if it was because I was a little relieved to know that there was no scheme. Manami[r]
nodded at me with a bright smile that I haven't seen in a long time.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]