*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_07|A World That Changes at Twilight
[待ち time=1000]
[ＳＥ file=車走行]
[左右 time=1500 dir=左]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[ウィンドウ表示]

On the way home after finishing an errand my father asked me to run[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0747]
[「]At this time of day, it's finally cooling down.」
[￥]

Manami said while gazing at the sunset through the passenger seat window with an[r]
enchanted expression.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I agree」
[￥]

Manami and I decided to take a little detour on our way home.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0748]
[「]Oh, is that……?」
[￥]

Manami points to the small lights along the road.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh, it's the lantern lights. The festival is coming up, so this is how the houses light them.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0749]
[「]Well……」
[￥]

On a country road enveloped in twilight, the dim and fleeting light of a lantern made from a[r]
candle, not an electric light, is flickering.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0750]
[「]Beautiful ……」
[￥]

The sight would have made anyone let out a sigh.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0751]
[「]…… Fantastic is the right word to describe this.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah, that's right……」
[￥]

Even I, who should have been used to seeing it to some extent, let out a gasp of admiration.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0752]
[「]……It's like I'm lost in another world……」
[￥]

Manami is still entranced by the fantastic sight, and she is still moaning.
[￥]

Another world[――]Or.
[￥]

It could not have been our daily life. Manami is being dominated by something like 「Kagachi-[r]
sama」, and is being swallowed up by lewd and immoral customs……
[￥]

This is what it seemed to me that Manami was telling herself.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0753]
[「]…………」
[￥]

In fact, the expression on Manami’s face as she gazed outside was not just a look of rapt[r]
attention, but was it not filled with some kind of shadow?
[￥]

Then[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0754]
[「]It really…… looks like something from another world……」
[￥]

I noticed a hint of blushing at the nape of Manami's neck as she mumbled again.
[￥]

Not only the nape, but also her porcelain-like smooth, white skin is faintly glowing…… In the[r]
setting sun, she is unaware of her glamorous sex appeal.
[￥]

The obscene and immoral act that my father plans, I don't like it. Even though I hate[r]
it……and yet, something full of expectations is beginning to sprout……
[￥]

Wasn't Manami's oozing color and luster something that overflowed from her heart?
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami……)
[￥]

I was speechless……and just took a deep breath.
[￥]

Without the awareness and caution required for driving a car, I might have impulsively[r]
embraced her and pushed her down.
[￥]

Manami was adorned with that kind of glamor on her body.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0755]
[「]Fufu………. I sounded like a child, didn't I? I'm ……」
[￥]

Manami turns around, with a face like an innocent little girl, and stares at me as she shyly[r]
spoke.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……No, I know exactly what you mean.」
[￥]

I smiled a little along with it so as not to be distracted by her.
[￥]

Recognize[――]Or.
[￥]

I don't know if the truth of her words was just a childish romantic expression, or if it was an[r]
overlay of my own circumstances, as I thought earlier.
[￥]

I don't know, but …… if the latter was the intention, I probably feel the same way, as she[r]
does.
[￥]

The world will change. If that lantern is lit, …….
[￥]

My beloved wife is embraced by someone who is not me, and the world takes on the shape[r]
of a lewd dream.
[￥]

And my heart, which gazes at such lasciviousness of hers, is also changed…….…
[￥]

Around this time, my father may be plotting something again in my parents' house.
[￥]

No…… I'm sure he's planning on it.
[￥]

Manami…… I'm sure he's waiting with his arms outstretched, covered in animalistic desires,[r]
wondering how to defile my beloved wife.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]