*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_08|A Loving Wife on Her Way to a Senior Citizen’s Group
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Whew……. I'm pretty tired, even though I didn't do much.」
[￥]

After finishing my errands and returning to the guest room, I took a deep breath.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0756]
[「]Well, Takahiko-san was also driving…… And I think it's because of the heat.」
[￥]

Manami gave me a small smile and agreed with me.
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

There…….
[￥]

[ＳＥ file=障子２]
[長太郎 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]You're back, Takahiko. And Manami-san too.」
[￥]

My father unceremoniously opened the shoji screen and entered the guest room.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm back now, Dad.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]I know, I'm sorry that you just returned, but I'd like Manami-san to help me with something[r]
tonight.」
[￥]

My father started out with a smirk on his face that, to me, seemed almost lurid.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0757]
[「]From me……?」
[￥]

Manami must have noticed the expression of the lurking beast behind it. A slight tension was[r]
felt in his words.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……Is it ok for me to help?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Hmmm. Not at all, if it's not Manami-san, I'll be in trouble.
[￥]

When I asked him back, pretending not to notice, he responded in a way that only I could[r]
understand.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……That seems to be the case, but Manami, are you okay? Are you tired?」
[￥]

Of course, I pretended not to notice it, and listened to Manami while pretending to be a[r]
normal husband.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0758]
[「]Yeah, yeah, …… I didn’t do any housework, and I'm not tired at all.」
[￥]

She, too, is trying to respond to me with the appearance of a chaste wife.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0759]
[「]So …… Father-in-law, what can I do for you?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]There's a meeting of the Senior Citizens' Association at the community center right now, and[r]
I need a little help running things there……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0760]
[「]Is it a Senior Citizens’ Association ……? Yes, I understand. If I can be of any help, I will be[r]
glad to ……」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Well, that's great. Takahiko, I'll probably be home late, so I'd like to ask you to look after[r]
things for me here. After all, Ayaka doesn't feel safe on her own.」
[￥]

My father implied, 「So don't follow me.」
[￥]

It made me realize that in addition to the meaning of …… Manami being taken out of my[r]
presence, there is another implication involved.
[￥]

[音楽停止]

In other words[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]You mean you're going to leave …… me and Ayaka, the two of us, alone in this[r]
house………)
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]

The meaning contained therein is significant.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]……I don’t think it will be too late. Well then, Manami-san.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0761]
[「]Ah……ha, yes.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

Saying that, Father and Manami left the guest room together.
[￥]

I'm left behind…… to think a little.
[￥]

Manami was taken out by my father. What will they do to her at the Senior Citizens'[r]
Association? ……
[￥]

And about the other thing, that Ayaka-san was left alone with me in this house.
[￥]

I…….
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]