*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_09|The Sweet and Heartrending Voice of My Wife Resounds in the Community Center
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]……That's it. After all, I'm worried about Manami.)
[￥]

There was certainly something about leaving Ayaka-san alone.
[￥]

But…… more than that, I couldn't get rid of my interest in what Manami would be forced to[r]
do at the Senior Citizen's Association.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami……)
[￥]

When I felt that way, I immediately started preparing.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 trans=false]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

Before long, I was walking down a country road at night.
[￥]

I changed my clothes so that no one would recognize me at a glance, and in my hands I held[r]
a lantern and …… that tengu mask.
[￥]

The community center where the senior citizens' meeting is held is not far from the house,[r]
and my father and Manami would have walked through here some time ago.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Over there……)
[￥]

The thatched-roof community center, located in the middle of a rice field, is lit by a twinkling[r]
light.
[￥]

As I approached the entrance decorated with lanterns, I could hear the vulgar laughter of[r]
many men leaking from inside.
[￥]

No, not just men's voices. There was a thin, almost drowned out, but sweet scream that I[r]
knew for sure belonged to a …… woman, and it reached my ears loud and clear.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami ……!)
[￥]

There is no way I could have heard it wrong. This is definitely her voice.
[￥]

A sweet, heartrending moan that she emits when she is embarrassed and lustful.
[￥]

Already[――]It's starting to happen[――].
[￥]

I somehow manage to suppress my eagerness, put on my …… tengu mask, and steped into[r]
the community center.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]