*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_12|A Wife Turned Into a Sex Toy
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0854]
[「]Ah…… uh…… ah……」
[￥]

A small, soulless voice faintly leaked from her throat, so I knew that Manami’s[r]
consciousness was barely there.
[￥]

Although released from the satisfied old men, Manami is lying on the floor in an unsightly[r]
position while covered with semen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0855]
[「]Ah……」
[￥]

Every time Manami let out a heartbreaking moan, the overflowing semen from countless old[r]
men flowed out of and spilled from her vagina.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]…………）
[￥]

With the tengu mask still on my face, I looked down at Manami from a deliberate distance.
[￥]

My crotch is still throbbing, and a thick, dark mass of desire is wriggling in my chest..
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Manami ……)
[￥]

I was just barely able to contain within my chest the most intense excitement I had ever felt[r]
before.
[￥]

My father and Gonzo still treated Manami as a woman. They humiliated her with the[r]
awareness that she was my wife.
[￥]

But…… she's not even a woman now. She was treated miserably, as a tool for the old men[r]
to release their sexual desires, or as a way of showing off how miserably they could treat her.
[￥]

Inside of me, my wife is not only a woman, but also less than human, and due to being[r]
treated roughly, emotions such as anger and jealousy are swirling…… and this makes me[r]
violently lustful.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]…… Gufufu」
[￥]

My father, who was at the other side of the community center, was staring at me with an[r]
expression that clearly showed he recognized me.
[￥]

Then, 「I've defiled your beloved wife」 he said with his eyes, and displayed a vulgar smile[r]
again.
[￥]

I left the community center without being noticed by those around me, even though I was[r]
burning even more fiercely with the raging passion swirling in my heart……
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]