*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_13|Mother and Child Alone
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

In the end, I stayed home instead of going anywhere.
[￥]

It would be a lie to say that I was not concerned about Manami, who went out alone to a[r]
place where she did not know many people. But there was something more than that,[r]
something that made me back away from her.
[￥]

Tonight, Ayaka-san and I will be alone in this house.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

Memories of last night come alive. I can't stop from getting hard.
[￥]

I strongly believe that human beings are divisive creatures. We are so conflicted before we[r]
crossed the line, but once we crossed it, we can no longer control our desires.
[￥]

And I am sure it is the same for Ayaka-san.
[￥]

I am thinking about such things as I walk down the corridor at night……
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0193]
[「]…… Ah.」
[￥]

It was none other than Ayaka-san who came across me as I rounded the corner.
[￥]

In her hand, she was holding a towel and other toiletries. I see, so she is going to take a bath[r]
now.
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0194]
[「]You aren’t going out…… Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

She doesn't make eye contact with me and looked down, as if she is restless. Perhaps she[r]
has been thinking about how she would act when she talked to me. It was as if we bumped[r]
into each other before we could come up with an answer.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes. Manami-san and…… and my father have gone out, so it's just you and me tonight.」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0195]
[「]That's right…… isn't it?」
[￥]

Her eyes were light red. I knew exactly what she's remembering.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]If you need anything, feel free to let me know.」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0196]
[「]Th….Thanks, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]By the way, are you going to take a bath now?」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0197]
[「]Yes…… that's right.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I was just about to take one myself.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0198]
[「]Oh, I see. Well, I'll see you later ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Mother, what are you saying? We’re a parent and child, so there's no problem if we go in[r]
together, right? It's been a long time since I've been back home, so I'll have to let my parents[r]
wash my back.」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0199]
[「]But……」
[￥]

Ayaka-san is puzzled by my offer.
[￥]

However, even though she was confused, I didn't miss the fact that for a moment, the heat[r]
of a woman instead of my stepmother appeared in her eyes.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Let's go then.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0200]
[「]Ah ……」
[￥]

Before I could give her a second chance, I pulled Ayaka-san by the hand and headed for the[r]
bathroom.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 trans=false]
[左右 time=1000 dir=左]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

Then we both stripped naked and started bathing.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Now I'll wash your back.」
[￥]

[彩花 file=全裸不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0201]
[「]……Yes」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

I take a good look at Ayaka-san's natural form again, up close. The line from her milky-white[r]
back to her generously fleshed buttocks is lush and glamorous.
[￥]

I involuntarily gasped. My cock is erect and curved to my belly button.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What about the front?」
[￥]

[彩花 file=全裸不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0202]
[「]I’ll do it myself.」
[￥]

After watching Ayaka-san stroke her skin with a body sponge for a moment, I interrupted[r]
her.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Can you wash my back, too?」
[￥]

[彩花 file=全裸普通]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0203]
[「]…… yeah, okay.」
[￥]

Ayaka-san starts rubbing my back, a little distractedly. Aware that her gaze is glancing at my[r]
erection, I tell her as she pours hot water on my back.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]And up front, please, properly」
[￥]

[彩花 file=全裸不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0204]
[「]……」
[￥]

I felt like Ayaka-san was holding her breath. When I turned around, I pointed out my swollen[r]
meat pole and said again.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It's a delicate area, so I'd prefer something softer, preferably not a sponge.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「][――]Like your breasts.」
[￥]

Ayaka-san was silently staring at the tip of my cock.
[￥]

She looked troubled, wistful, and lustful, her eyes downcast and her white throat croaked as[r]
she said.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0205]
[「]……Uh……Understood……I got it.」
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]