*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_15|Alone With My Stepmother Tonight
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

After getting out of the bath, I sit in the guest room to catch the night breeze while emptying[r]
a beer by myself.
[￥]

As expected, being so far from the city, the area was completely enveloped in darkness, and[r]
only the wind chimes were ringing in the night breeze.
[￥]

Is it the sound of festival drums and flutes that I can faintly hear on the wind? I wonder what[r]
Manami, who was taken there, is doing right now.
[￥]

When I think about it, anxiety and ecstasy well up in my chest. As if to try and forget about it,[r]
I poured the beer into a cup and poured it down my throat.
[￥]

By the time a few empty bottles rolled around, it had become a good time before I knew it.[r]
Manami fades from my consciousness, and another woman's body, present under the same[r]
roof, emerges in my mind.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Ayaka-san…… it's time to go to bed. Anyway, I imagine she's agonizing over being left[r]
behind.)
[￥]

The way she was in the bathtub, it was obvious that she would not be able to sleep[r]
peacefully. It was as if I had set fire to a body that knew all about pleasure, poured oil on it,[r]
and left it there.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I'm sorry for Manami, but tonight I'll enjoy myself to my heart's content……)
[￥]

Tonight, I'm getting more excited when I think about defiling Ayaka-san at home alone.
[￥]

I had just ejaculated in the bathroom, but it's different when you're with someone who was[r]
once your first love.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Well, now that we've decided that, what shall we do tonight ……)
[￥]

I wonder. Do I go night crawling ? Or…….
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Let's wait to be night crawled from the other side……)
[￥]

It is quite possible that she will not be able to resist and will come to us on her own.
[￥]

After all, I'm the only man in the house tonight. In order to calm her woman's pain, she has[r]
no choice but to have sex with me.
[￥]

It would be fun to torture my dad's wife into being unfaithful to him. I would love to show my[r]
father that. It would be very, very exciting.
[￥]

……Although, I think it would be unbearable enough for him to see her being embraced by[r]
me while I show only verbal resistance to her advances, but she might hate that.
[￥]

…… Well, what should I do?
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]