*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_19|Can I Talk to You for a Moment?
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

After thinking about it, I decided to wait for Ayaka-san to come to this room.
[￥]

Ayaka-san, who at first refused other men, as a chaste married woman would, but then she[r]
started to take the initiative.[――]Because I want to see her looking for me.
[￥]

If she’s still in the mood she was in the bathroom, there's no doubt that she will come to my[r]
room on her own if left alone. No, it wouldn't be fun otherwise.
[￥]

If she doesn't come, then, at that time, I should go from here again…… thinking that, I crawl[r]
into the futon.
[￥]

The only sound was the quiet ticking of the second hand of the clock at my bedside. A few[r]
minutes later, a creak, creak, creak echoed through the hallway.
[￥]

Before long, the shadows of the night lights in the hallway were reflected on the shoji[r]
screens. The figure of a woman……it goes without saying who she is.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0296]
[「]Takahiko-san,…… are you awake?」
[￥]

Sure enough, it was Ayaka-san's voice coming from the hallway.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm awake. What are you doing at this hour?」
[￥]

I pretended to be calm and answered while holding back the laughter that welled up as the[r]
story unfolded as I expected.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0297]
[「]Um…… There's something I want to talk to you about. Do you mind?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah, that's fine」
[￥]

[ＳＥ file=障子２]

With a hint of hesitation, I opened the shoji screen.
[￥]

[彩花 file=エロ２不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0298]
[「]……」
[￥]

With an expression full of shame, Ayaka lowered her eyes while closing the shoji behind her.
[￥]

When I saw her outfit, I swallowed hard. Under her thin white nightgown, black sexy lingerie[r]
was showing through.
[￥]

It's too obscene for prim and proper Ayaka-san and makes her look like a slut. In all[r]
likelihood, this is nothing more than a silent indication that she is willing to go through with[r]
this.
[￥]

Even though I was her stepson, she entered a man's room late at night with such a[r]
provocative appearance.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0299]
[「]……」
[￥]

However, even though she is so lustful, she still feels embarrassed and hesitant about[r]
asking a man out loud. I can't keep calm anymore when I see such a cruel manipulation[r]
unique to a married woman.
[￥]

A sadistic desire wells up and makes me want to humiliate Ayaka-san a little more.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What's the matter with you, standing there silently? You wanted to see me, didn't[r]
you?　What are you doing here at this hour?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0300]
[「]……」
[￥]

Perhaps my reaction was different from what she thought, Ayaka-san was a little impatient,[r]
her cheeks blushed even more with embarrassment and she was at a loss for words. Did[r]
she think I would suddenly attack her?
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[彩花 file=エロ２発情]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0301]
[「]Um…… I thought it would be half-finished if it was only the bathroom……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Bathroom? Ah, but my body was washed clean, so it's okay.」
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[彩花 file=エロ２不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0302]
[「]Well, that's not what I mean, …… that's, how can I say it ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]If you don't tell me clearly, I won't know.」
[￥]

Perhaps she was forced to give it up, her watery eyes swam, and she puts her hands on her[r]
white undergarment.
[￥]

The undergarment fell to the floor with a fluttering sound.
[￥]

Ayaka-san stammered while averting her gaze from me as if hugging her limbs wrapped in a[r]
black bra and panties that exposed her chest and crotch.
[￥]

[彩花 file=エロ１発情]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0303]
[「]I'm here to take care of your sexual desires……」
[￥]

I laughed wryly at her words that seemed to suggest that she was dressed in such an[r]
embarrassing outfit for my sake.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]No, thanks to you, I was able to clean up a little while ago. So it's fine.」
[￥]

[彩花 file=エロ１不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0304]
[「]……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Rather, it's you who's half-finished, aren’t you?」
[￥]

Perhaps it was a good guess, but as I looked at her, her eyes turned vermilion.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0305]
[「]Wah, I don't have to worry about…… that kind of thing…… building up……」
[￥]

I further verbally accuse Ayaka-san of telling a blatant lie.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Is that so? If you’re stuck and you really want to satisfy your sexual desires, I thought I'd[r]
lend you my cock.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]If you don't want to, you can go home tonight. I'm going to sleep now.」
[￥]

Ayaka-san stammers at my words as if she is being pushed away. Then, with lips trembling[r]
with shame, she talks as if she has made up her mind.
[￥]

[彩花 file=エロ１発情]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0306]
[「]Ah…… uh…… or, please lend me……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What is it?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0307]
[「]Please ……. Please …… lend me your cock, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

It's about time to hurry her up. I smiled at Ayaka-san, who was pleading with wet eyes.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]