*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag040_23|Someday When We’re Both Old
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

By the time I returned to the Tomikura house with Manami in the passenger seat, the[r]
surrounding area had turned dark with a bluish-purple darkness.
[￥]

This area is just a stone's throw from the countryside, where streetlights are sparse, even in[r]
the ummer. After returning the car to the garage, I went up to the guest room to catch my[r]
breath.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Are you tired?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0856]
[「]No, not so much. Perhaps because time is passing slowly, just breathing the air somehow[r]
calms me down.」
[￥]

While moistening her throat with cold barley tea, Manami smiled brightly.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0857]
[「]Someday when we're both old, I think it would be nice to live comfortably in the countryside[r]
like this.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

Perhaps because the phrase 「Slow life」 was born in the world, there are many people who[r]
long for the countryside as an environment to spend the rest of their lives after retirement.
[￥]

But is it possible to say that the remote countryside is generally a safe and wonderful place?[r]
Can we say that the people who live there are all good, simple people?
[￥]

For example, for someone like me, who knows the hidden side of this village, I could never[r]
have the innocence of Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0858]
[「]What's wrong?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh……it's nothing. I certainly thought that your idea wasn't bad either.」
[￥]

In order not to share my inner thoughts, I nodded in a friendly and amiable manner.
[￥]

And so we relaxed together[――].
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]
[長太郎 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Oh, are you back? It must be hot today.」
[￥]

Suddenly, my father appeared in the guest room. He's smiling, but I can't take that smile at[r]
face value anymore.
[￥]

But in front of Manami. I also play the role of a filial son who is harmless to humans and[r]
animals.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I brought it in and everyone was happy.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Ah, I see I see. By the way, Manami-san, how was the village festival? 」
[￥]

[長太郎 trans=false file=私服普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0859]
[「]It was very interesting just because it was a festival in an unfamiliar place. And it seems to[r]
have a pretty old tradition.」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Mm-hmm. In that case. How about.… We're going to have a launch party at the shrine in the[r]
evening, and we're running out of people to serve. Manami, I'm sorry, but could you help me[r]
out a little?」
[￥]

Dad said with a big smile. I had a bad feeling for some reason.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]If you don't have enough hands, shall I go too? 」
[￥]

Reflexively, he interrupted, as if waiting for me to offer.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服普通左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]No, I want you to stay at home. I'm a bit worried about leaving Ayaka alone, because I'm[r]
going to be late coming back tonight.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0860]
[「]You think of your wife, Father-in-law. Takahiko-san, then, I'll go to the festival alone.」
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[ブラックアウト opa=150]

Manami said so and smiled, but I knew what my father was trying to say behind his words.
[￥]

In other words, tonight, he will leave his wife with me under the same roof…… Ayaka-san.
[￥]

I can't help but sense his provocative intentions towards me, his son.
[￥]

There is no doubt that this is attractive to me, but……
[￥]

A dusky black feeling spreads like ink dropped in water at the thought of Manami being[r]
taken away.
[￥]

It is the anxiety of exposing Manami alone in front of that manly and energetic group of young[r]
people in the village, …… and the abject desire to see it happen.
[￥]

[画面効果解除]
[音楽 file=村夜]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes, …… then, please. Manami.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0861]
[「]Yes」
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服笑い左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Well then, I'm sorry you just got back, but let's go right away, Manami-san.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

Manami left home with my father. I begin to feel as if she has been in a hostage exchange..
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

After being alone, I think about the future.
[￥]

Well, what should I do? …….
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]