*pareoare
[ヘッダ]

*kag040_24|Manami Heading to the Shrine
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

In the end…… Manami, who was taken by my father, occupied my mind, and I couldn't do[r]
anything else.
[￥]

Just imagining how Manami is spending her time in a place surrounded by energetic men[r]
she doesn't know ……, I can't stop the throbbing excitement, which is neither nausea nor[r]
residual urine, from stirring in my lower abdomen.
[￥]

Instead of going to bed, I drive my car to the shrine, holding a handicraft tengu mask I had at[r]
home in one hand.
[￥]

I brought a mask to hide my face. I felt that if it became obvious that I had left Ayaka-san at[r]
home alone, things might become awkward.
[￥]

I step out of the car in front of the shrine wrapped in darkness.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 trans=false]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=不安]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

Passing through the torii gate decorated with large lanterns, I wander around the precincts of[r]
the temple where the sounds of Bon Odori dance echoes through the night sky.
[￥]

I passed around the Bon Odori dancing area, which was crowded with many people, and[r]
went straight to the back. I found men in the village wearing masks like me and followed[r]
them.
[￥]

Away from the hustle and bustle of the festival, this area was so quiet that you could hear[r]
insects chirping.
[￥]

Among them[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What are they doing over there? 」
[￥]

The loud voices of men, full of enthusiasm, could be heard on the wind. I could definitely[r]
hear the voice of a …… woman mixed in with the ill-mannered, musical voices. It was also[r]
like a moaning voice with a seductive quality to it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

I almost puked from anxiety. Still, I was filled with another more compelling feeling that I[r]
couldn't help but witness the scene.
[￥]

I walk towards the direction where I hear the voices.
[￥]

There, in the main hall of the shrine, in such a place, the center of the village's traditions,[r]
something is being done to hide from the public eye.
[￥]

I put on my tengu mask and stepped inside.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]