*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_26|Young Beast and Young Wife
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[1000trans]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0879]
[「]Oh, …………」
[￥]

Exhausted, Manami slipped down from the top of the rope. She was finally freed from the[r]
humiliating spectacle……but.
[￥]

Of course, they didn't want it to end there.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=下着笑い]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Well, thank you for your hard work. You did a great job, Manami.」
[￥]

With a vile laugh and a lick of his lips, my father concludes Manami's punishment. He must[r]
have been filming the whole thing with a video camera nearby, as usual.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=下着邪ま]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Gufufu, as promised, I’ll keep quiet to Takahiko.」
[￥]

While saying that, his eyes glanced at me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

My father's eyes met mine for a moment, telling me that he knew that I was here.
[￥]

[長太郎 trans=false file=下着普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=全裸不安右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0880]
[「]Oh, thank you very much……」
[￥]

Manami is still stunned by the afterglow. She probably has no idea that I am watching her[r]
here.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=下着邪ま左]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]And I'll keep this secret quiet. In exchange, I'm going to add a new secret to it right now.」
[￥]

Then, with a sly smile, my father whispers in Manami's ear.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0881]
[「]Eh ……. That's ……」
[￥]

Manami's voice became firm as she finally regained herself.
[￥]

Frightened by the lustful gazes of the men surrounding her, her eyes tremble. And…….
[￥]

[愛実 file=全裸発情右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0882]
[「]Haa……. Haa……. Haa……」
[￥]

She was frightened, yet feeling a sense of oppressed arousal. Her cheeks were flushed and[r]
her large breasts rippled with each rough breath.
[￥]

As if he had recognized such a situation, one man hugged Manami from behind.
[￥]

[愛実 trans=false file=全裸怒り]
[玲人 trans=false file=全裸普通右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0883]
[「]Oh, ……!　What are you doing ……?」
[￥]

[玲人 file=全裸笑い右]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]Uha. soft body. And your skin is still young and smooth, ma'am.」
[￥]

The young man hugged Manami from behind as she wobbled about. He was completely[r]
naked.
[￥]

Manami, who touched the man's bare skin, let out a seductive sigh and looked back only at[r]
his face.
[￥]

The long-haired young man seems to be the youngest among the men. His crotch was[r]
already swollen.
[￥]

[愛実 file=全裸不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0884]
[「]Ah…… you were from earlier…」
[￥]

Manami and I recognized the young man's face. It was Reito Sudo, a college student[r]
returning home who we had encountered at the site of the yagura erection during the day.
[￥]

Seeing his cock, Manami and I gasped at the same time in separate places. Because it had[r]
a very strange shape.
[￥]

[玲人 file=全裸邪ま右]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]Huh …… I'm so excited. I can't believe I get first dibs on the wife I've wanted to get into her[r]
pussy since I met her during the day. Thank you, Kagachi-sama.
[￥]

[玲人 file=全裸お面右]

Reito puts on his mask while groaning.
[￥]

The thickness of his penis is more modest than that of my father, but it’s longer, with a[r]
curved bulge lined up under the glans.
[￥]

Noticing the frightened gaze that was staring at his cock, Reito let out a light-hearted smile.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]It's an implanted silicone ring. It's like having two cocks. I'm going to put this in you and[r]
make you unsatisfied with sex with your husband.」
[￥]

Manami's eyes were trembling. But her gaze could not be diverted from that oddly shaped[r]
penis with its two-tiered shaft.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0885]
[「]Ah…… Uh, no…… no…… no…… if you put something like this in, I'm going to go[r]
crazy……」
[￥]

Reito says to Manami who is frightened but exudes excitement.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]That's right. I'm going to make you plenty crazy today. It's not just me. There are plenty of[r]
men here who have a surplus of sexual desire.」
[￥]

After Manami was claimed by Reito, the other men, each wearing a mask, crowded around[r]
the bodies of those who had been eliminated from the rope race..
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0886]
[「]Oh…… no, no, no…… crazy, really crazy……」
[￥]

Manami shudders and almost breaks her back. When Manami was rolled on the ground,[r]
Reito shifted his mask to reveal his mouth.
[￥]

Then, as if to show Manami, he licks his lips.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]I'm going to fuck you in the most embarrassing way you've ever experienced, Manami-san.」
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]