*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag004_28|Spiral of Humiliation and Excitement
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

I noticed that the front of my kimono was wet and cold.
[￥]

I continued to watch Manami being raped in agony, and finally ejaculated without touching a[r]
finger. I can only say that it was my own shameful nature.
[￥]

With that discomfort, I returned to myself and checked my surroundings. Reito was looking[r]
at me, still wearing his mask, with a grin.
[￥]

[玲人 file=全裸邪ま]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]Hey, you just watched the whole time and didn't participate, right? 」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

Certainly, the men in this place are still devouring meat feasts here and there. In the midst of[r]
all that, I was clearly out of place as I just stood there and watched. Or maybe he already[r]
knew about my identity from my father.
[￥]

[――]That I am an immoral person who feels the excitement of suffering by letting others penetrate[r]
my wife.
[￥]

[玲人 file=全裸普通]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]Well, I'll pretend I don't know who you are…… but you got to see what you wanted to see,[r]
didn't you? That's the true nature of that woman.」
[￥]

He saw right through me, and his words, which sounded like he was proud of his victory, cut[r]
deep into my heart.
[￥]

Jealousy that makes me want to vomit and excitement that makes me want to cum again.[r]
The two swirled inside me and I couldn't stop.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……You’ve got the wrong person.」
[￥]

[玲人 file=全裸邪ま]

I barely said that and turned my back on Manami, who was still in a state of ecstasy.
[￥]

As I felt Reito's mocking gaze on my back, I ran away from the shrine.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]