*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_04|Definite Change
[待ち time=1000]
[ＳＥ file=障子２]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[ウィンドウ表示]

The sliding door suddenly opened, and Manami with wet hair returned to the room.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0922]
[「]Oh, good morning. Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……Good morning. Did you take a bath this morning?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0923]
[「]Yes, because I woke up early. The baths here are really nice. It's a pity that today is the last[r]
day.」
[￥]

[――]It's not just the bath that feels good and leaves a lasting impression, right?
[￥]

Manami, whose skin turns cherry-colored after taking a bath and exuded a sense of[r]
seductiveness from her whole body…… I couldn't help but want to say such sarcasm.
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[1000trans]

In any case, today is the last day to stay here in Shiranawa Village.
[￥]

Something changed for both of us on this trip home. Manami opened her body to a man[r]
other than me, and I knowingly witnessed it. There is no doubt that the scars from this one[r]
summer will have some impact on our future married life.
[￥]

Today is the last day to settle the accounts of the nightmarish five days of this midsummer[r]
night…… I am overcome with excitement mixed with anxiety just thinking about what will[r]
happen next.
[￥]

Hiding the tingle between my fevered legs, I continued to wear the face of a good husband.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]