*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_05|Beautiful Stepmother's Aphrodisiac Flesh
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Today will be the last time I stay in this house…… huh?)
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[彩花 trans=false file=私服普通]
[1000trans]

When I thought that, the image of Ayaka-san popped into my mind.
[￥]

That face gives me intense painful reluctance
[￥]

Even if I prolong my stay, it will last until tonight. Tomorrow, I will return to my daily life in the[r]
city.
[￥]

The next time I cross the threshold of this twilight village …… and this mansion, I will have to[r]
wait for an opportunity to take a long and comprehensive vacation.
[￥]

If so, it will be the end of this year at the earliest.
[￥]

It was a shame.
[￥]

At least summer is over and I won't be able to see Ayaka-san until winter. It might be best to[r]
fully satisfy my desires so that I don't have any regrets.
[￥]

The unapologetic desire I awakened this summer …… for the pleasure of my beloved wife[r]
cuckolding me is not necessarily something that can only be satisfied while I am in this[r]
village.
[￥]

Colleagues and bosses at work…… There are still many people who can take the place of[r]
Father and Gonzo even after returning to everyday life.
[￥]

This is the capacity of Manami. If there was a man who would pursue at her at every[r]
opportunity, she would probably wipe him away……
[￥]

……But.
[￥]

……, but the companionship of Ayaka-san can only be experienced in this house.
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通]
[拡張 time=1500 move=モザイク]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0924]
[「][――]Takahiko-san?」
[￥]

I was called out and returned to myself.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh…… what is it? 」
[￥]

I looked over there, being careful not to show my turmoil. Manami was facing her dresser[r]
while combing her hair.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0925]
[「]Umm…… I'm sorry it's just before we go home, but just now Father-in-law asked me to do[r]
some errands……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]For my Dad?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0926]
[「]I have to leave before noon. That's why it looks like we won't be able to come back until the[r]
evening……」
[￥]

Manami cuts me off apologetically.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

I didn't miss the slight glimmer of anticipation on her face. Perhaps, she ran into my father in[r]
the bathroom this morning, and maybe she was somehow tempted and teased there.
[￥]

[――]Will you do it until the very end?
[￥]

Jealousy and desire to monopolize Manami burns. Then that's fine.
[￥]

If my father wants to play with my beloved wife before the sun goes down, I will enjoy my[r]
stepmother's ripe body.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0927]
[「]Um, Takahiko-san, ……?」
[￥]

Manami, who was keeping an eye out for anxiety and expectations, I returned a smile with[r]
the face of a good husband who knew nothing.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm glad that you're familiar with my family. Don't worry about me, just go.」
[￥]

Manami's eyes sparkle with relief.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0928]
[「]I will come back as soon as possible. Please wait.」
[￥]

Manami answered with a smile, and she was already looking like a bitch …… a bitch in heat.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]