*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_06|Just a Man and a Woman
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

When I was taking a break after finishing breakfast, my father came to the guest room to[r]
pick up Manami.
[￥]

[長太郎 trans=false file=私服普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]I'm sorry, but I'll borrow Manami-san for a bit.」
[￥]

It was obvious from the color in his eyes what he was going to do. But I pretended not to[r]
notice it and responded with a smile.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Sure. Go ahead. Take care of yourself, Manami.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0929]
[「]I'm off, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

A short time after they left, I went to Ayaka-san's room.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[左右 time=1000 dir=左]

A sultry breeze blows in from the porch and rings the wind chimes. The ear-splitting chirps[r]
of oil cicadas were echoing through the trees in the garden. As the sun rose higher, the[r]
temperature had risen considerably. It would be another hot day.
[￥]

As I walked in the broad daylight under the rising sun, …… I thought back to the scene at[r]
breakfast this morning with parents and children.
[￥]

I didn't miss the look of excitement on Ayaka-san's face when I told her that my father was[r]
going out with Manami.
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]

I am sure she is waiting for me. I am sure she is waiting for my visit.
[￥]

Ayaka-san[――]I stood in front of Ayaka-san's room.
[￥]

From now on, we are just men and women. Embrace her as a woman, not my stepmother.
[￥]

With that determination in my heart, I…… no, I called out the woman's name.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ayaka-san」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0396]
[「]…… yes」
[￥]

Then, from behind the shoji screen, I hear Ayaka-san's reply, unable to hide her excitement[r]
in the face of the secret.
[￥]

[――]It was the beginning of a long day.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]