*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_09|To My Only Bitch

I was ready to eat poison.
[￥]

If this is the case, why don't you try to face your feelings to the fullest?
[￥]

From the moment I saw Ayaka-san's face when I came back to the Tomikura house…… I felt[r]
like I knew what would happen.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ah. It's what I want.」
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]

I nodded at Ayaka-san's invitation.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0475]
[「]I'm so happy, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Are you ready for this too? 」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0476]
[「]Yeah……of course.」
[￥]

Then there is only one way.
[￥]

To make Ayaka-san my own…… but there are too many things that get in the way of making[r]
that wish come true.
[￥]

I drew an ideal picture in my head.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]First, we need to bring Gonzo to our side……is there a better way?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0477]
[「]It's okay. Gonzo isn't loyal to that person.. He’s loyal to the Tomikura Family.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……I see」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0478]
[「]It's not just Gonzo. The prefectural police officers, prefectural assembly members, and all[r]
the villagers……the people involved in Shiranawa Village are not loyal to the individual[r]
Nagataro Tomikura, but the authority of the Tomikura Family for generations.」
[￥]

I understood Ayaka-san's words. In a community where such old traditions are alive and[r]
well, the concept of 「home」 can still strongly bind people.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]That's why…… there's no problem even if they become loyal to a son instead of a Father.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0479]
[「]Yeah……if a younger relative succeeds Tomikura, maybe more people will be relieved.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Really」
[￥]

I can feel a smile popping up at the corner of my mouth without my realizing it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I am relieved to hear it. Using the quickest method, if my safety is guaranteed.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0480]
[「]Well then……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ah. As soon as tonight, let's ask my father to leave the stage called the Tomikura Family.」
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1500]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=2000]
[待ち time=2000]
[ＳＥ file=撲殺]
[ws buf=1 canskip=true]
[待ち time=2000]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]