*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_10|The Days of Takahiko Tomikura
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Master……Master?」
[￥]

As I walked down the connecting corridor, I suddenly heard Gonzo's voice.
[￥]

Who they hell is he calling?
[￥]

Master…… Huh, Master?
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……A! Ah. You’re talking about me. I'm sorry, Gonzo. I'm still not used to it.」
[￥]

[権造 file=私服普通]

Looking back with a wry smile. Gonzo was there in his usual working clothes. His attitude is[r]
the same as with his former master.[――]There is no difference in the obedience he has towards me and the obedience that he[r]
directed toward my father.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=500]
[全消去 trans=false]
[セピア背景 trans=false file=広間昼]
[長太郎 trans=false file=私服普通]
[拡張 time=1500 move=モザイク]

Father[――]About a year has passed since Nagataro Tomikura slipped in the bathroom and died suddenly[r]
from a brain contusion. Having formally inherited the Tomikura Family, I had a fairly busy life.
[￥]

In the beginning, there were a lot of unfamiliar things, but thanks to Ayaka-san and Gonzo's[r]
help, I am now able to handle the duties of head of the Tomikura Family without a hitch.
[￥]

[――]At that time, I didn't tell Manami so she wouldn’t be upset.
[￥]

My father was found dead the morning after we had returned to Hikota City from Shiranawa[r]
Village.
[￥]

Manami was quite confused by the sudden death of her father-in-law.
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[セピア背景 trans=false file=正門昼]
[1000trans]

That said…… the police also explained that it was a genuine accidental death, and in the end[r]
they seemed to accept it as fact. Since that sort of thing happens all the time, there was no[r]
reason to think otherwise..
[￥]

And when the inheritance problem of the Tomikura Family surfaced. I reverted to my former[r]
family name, and my wife and I decided to leave Hikota City and move to Shiranawa Village[――].
[￥]

[音楽 file=村昼]
[全消去 trans=false]
[権造 trans=false file=私服普通]
[拡張 time=1500 move=モザイク]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Master. It's the festival season again this year. What kind of activities do you have in mind[r]
for this time?」
[￥]

The festival that Gonzo refers to is, of course, 「Kagachi-sama, Let's Play.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Speaking of which, it's about time for that season. Time flies so fast.」
[￥]

When I think about a year ago, I can't stop the snake of desire coiling around my crotch from[r]
raising its head.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Hmm…… that's right. It might be time for me to reveal to Manami that I know[r]
everything…… No, but wait.」
[￥]

Manami still believes that I haven't been told anything about the customs of this village……[r]
Kagachi-sama.
[￥]

Therefore, she feels masochistic euphoria at the immorality of hiding her infidelity from me. I[r]
still wanted to see my beloved wife in that agony.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Well, I should think about the festival after all. More than that……」
[￥]

Is it a good time to watch my beloved wife be defiled?
[￥]

Or is it better to have our own female only for ourselves?
[￥]

I…….
[￥]

[通常選択]

*scene_end

[フッタ]