*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_13|After the Wife of the Former Head of the Family

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]By the way, Gonzo」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Huh.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm thinking of going out with Ayaka-san tonight.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]……Huh」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Gonzo and Manami are alone tonight, so I ask for your kindness.」
[￥]

[権造 file=私服邪ま]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Kuku, I was frightened.」
[￥]

Being alone with Manami means that he can do anything he wants with Manami.
[￥]

Gonzo, who understood my implied intentions, let out a vulgar laugh.
[￥]

After we finish talking, I headed to Ayaka-san's room.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ayaka-san, can I come in?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0481]
[「]……yes. please」
[￥]

[彩花 trans=false file=私服普通]
[左右 time=1000 dir=左]

The voice that can be heard through the shoji is moist and lustrous. I opened the shoji door[r]
and entered Ayaka-san's room.
[￥]

Even after her husband passed away, Ayaka-san remained in the house. It was gossiped[r]
about for a while, but it soon disappeared. It was widely reported that she was now in this[r]
house and dedicated to mourning her late husband.
[￥]

Of course the truth is different. Ayaka-san usually keeps her stepmother's appearance[r]
perfect, but when she's alone with me, she always smells of a bitch in heat.
[￥]

This perverse relationship, which is more than just a lustful exchange of desires, has[r]
another element that excites me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]The guys on the message board said they'd like to see some new stuff soon.」
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0482]
[「]……」
[￥]

Ayaka-san's cheeks blush the color of autumn leaves in an instant.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Shall we go out together tonight for the first time in a while? Hey, Ayaka-san」
[￥]

When I consciously lowered my voice, Ayaka-san let out a sigh of relief.
[￥]

We have been meeting like this for a year. She and I both understood each other.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0483]
[「]Understood……Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]