*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_16|News From Another World
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=日常昼]
[待ち time=1000]
[ウィンドウ表示]

One day, after about two months have passed since the summer when I got lost in the world[r]
of lewd dreams…
[￥]

In the early afternoon on Sunday, when autumn was about to deepen, my home phone rang.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0972]
[「]Yes, I'm Fujio……Ah, I’m sorry about that…Yes, I’ll get my husband now.
[￥]

Manami picked up the phone and brought a cordless handset to me as I was watching TV[r]
on the sofa.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0973]
[「]Takahiko-san. It's from Tomikura's…… Gonzo-san.」
[￥]

Manami's usual calm eyes peeked out with an extraordinary light that could not be hidden[r]
under them. It was obvious that she was remembering that summer.
[￥]

On the surface, we have resumed a happy married life. However, the incident has become[r]
like a shadow that will haunt us for the rest of our lives. Just as the news from the village[r]
came to us without warning.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes, thank you」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

After receiving the handset from Manami, I answered the phone after leaving the sofa so that[r]
she wouldn't be able to hear what we are saying.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Hello, this is Takahiko」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]It’s been a while. This is Gonzo.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Did something happen?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]Yes. actually……」
[￥]

What Gonzo said on the other side of the phone was…… one piece of good news and one[r]
piece of bad news.
[￥]

The former is Ayaka-san's pregnancy. And the latter is about my father.[――]The head of the Tomikura Family, Nagataro Tomikura, was dead.
[￥]

According to Gonzo, he committed suicide by hanging himself in his room. Even more[r]
surprising was the fact that his funeral had already been completed.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]The delay in reporting is due to Ayaka-sama’s wishes.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ayaka-san's……?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]I'm sorry if I bother you to ask for your help from afar. I was told that you should be[r]
contacted after the memorial service on the 49th was completed and things had calmed[r]
down.」
[￥]

I somehow felt like I was able to understand the other party's situation. Given that the cause[r]
of death was suicide, they probably wanted to quickly clean up with a private funeral close to[r]
a private burial.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I see. Sorry you had to go to all that trouble.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Gonzo】]
[「]As for the actual rights of the Tomikura Family, Ayaka-sama is entrusted with them for the time[r]
being. Ayaka-sama said that when you returned to your hometown on New Year's Day, she[r]
would be more than happy to talk about things like the distribution of your inheritance at a[r]
leisurely pace.」
[￥]

Gonzo said so and hung up the phone.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah……dead……」
[￥]

When I was told that my father had died by suicide, strangely enough, I was not upset. In[r]
fact, he would not have been the kind of man who would have lived a full life. Therefore, I[r]
even think that this ending was rather expected.
[￥]

More than that, Ayaka-san's pregnancy and my father's suicide, two events that seem to[r]
overlap but do not overlap. Some dim connection existed between them, I felt it rather than[r]
knew it.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

Two more months had passed since Gonzo's phone call, and Manami and I used the year-[r]
end and New Year holidays to return to the Tomikura Family house.
[￥]

The house was filled with the hustle and bustle of the evening. Shortly after passing through[r]
the halls, I ran into Ayaka-san who approached quietly.
[￥]

[彩花 trans=false file=妊婦普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=冬服普通右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0526]
[「]It's been a while……」
[￥]

Ayaka-san wasn't wearing Japanese clothes, she was wearing a maternity dress with loose[r]
lines and a cardigan. Her abdomen is bulging out. She said she was four months pregnant.
[￥]

[愛実 file=冬服笑い右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0974]
[「]Long time no see. I like your clothes, too.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0527]
[「]Thank you. When your belly grows, it becomes difficult to wear a kimono.」
[￥]

Manami's eyes sparkle when she sees Ayaka-san, perhaps because of her innocent[r]
admiration for a mother.
[￥]

[愛実 file=冬服普通右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0975]
[「]Um, can I touch it?」
[￥]

[彩花 file=妊婦笑い左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0528]
[「]Yes, of course.」
[￥]

After saying words of gratitude to Ayaka-san, who smiled like a loving mother, Manami gently[r]
reached out and touched her swollen belly.
[￥]

[彩花 trans=false file=妊婦普通左]
[愛実 trans=false file=冬服笑い右]
[100trans]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0976]
[「]There's a baby inside……」
[￥]

The appearance of the daughter-in-law and mother-in-law chatting together was exactly the[r]
calmness of everyday life itself. It was as if the events of last summer were an illusion that I[r]
had seen in a dream…
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0529]
[「]By the way, Takahiko-san. Are you a father yet?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Um, no, I'm doing my best. Right, Manami?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=冬服怒り右]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0977]
[「]……Takahiko-san. But we want children as soon as possible.」
[￥]

I smile wryly while being ashamed. When the atmosphere calmed down, Ayaka-san[r]
suddenly looked at me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0530]
[「]It's okay, you're both young. Also……」
[￥]

[――]Her black eyes above her beauty mark were smiling when she looked at me me.
[￥]

[彩花 file=妊婦淫笑左]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0531]
[「]Children are something that can happen very quickly.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

It was clearly a look that she had sent to me so that Manami would not notice it. A slow heat[r]
began to build up in the pit of my stomach.
[￥]

I felt like I was hearing an auditory hallucination of the buzz of cicadas deep in my ears.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]