*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_17|Attracted by Venus Flytraps
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[――]Late at night.
[￥]

I crawl out of the futon in the guest room.
[￥]

Manami, who was next to me, was so sound asleep that it seemed unlikely that she would[r]
wake up even a little. At the dinner banquet, Ayaka-san had gotten her so drunk that she[r]
wouldn't wake up until morning.
[￥]

The chill that bit my skin made me shiver. I put a cotton-filled haori over her yukata, quietly[r]
open the shoji screen and left the room.
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[左右 time=1000 dir=右]

With my bare feet on the ice-cold floorboards, I walked down the corridor in the dead of[r]
night.
[￥]

I know where I am going, of course. I stood in front of the room I wanted to visit, trying to[r]
silence the sound of my footsteps.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0532]
[「]……Welcome, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

I heard a voice from the other side of the paper screen. A person waiting in a dimly lit room[――]Ayaka-san seemed to have fully anticipated my visit.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0533]
[「]Cold air is coming in, so could you please close the door immediately?」
[￥]

Hidden in that voice, I opened the shoji while holding my breath at the seductiveness that[r]
almost made me feel scared.
[￥]

[左右 time=1000 dir=右]

On top of the futon, there was no Ayaka-san, who looked like a mother in the daytime.
[￥]

Instead just a woman …… no, a bitch was waiting for me, just a bitch with a lewdly swollen[r]
pregnant belly.
[￥]

Ayaka-san had a lascivious smile as she bathed in the moonlight that shone through the[r]
shoji screens.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0534]
[「]Takahiko-san's penis for the first time in several months, please let me taste it tonight……?」
[￥]

Then, with the sound of my clothes rustling, I became completely naked. I stumbled closer,[r]
like a moth being lured by the flame, and threw off my clothes as if I had forgotten the cold.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]