*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_19|From a Wife’s Face to a Bitch’s Face
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=村夜]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0978]
[「][――]Takahiko-san?」
[￥]

Manami, who was out of the bath, called out to me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh…… what is it?」
[￥]

I look over to her. Manami was facing the mirror, brushing her wet hair.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0979]
[「]Umm…… I'm sorry it's just after you got home, but just now  father-in-law asked me to do[r]
some errands with him……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]For my dad?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0980]
[「]I have to leave before noon. That's why it looks like we won't be able to come back until the[r]
evening……」
[￥]

Manami cuts me off apologetically.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

I didn't miss the slight glimmer of anticipation on her face. Perhaps, she ran into my father in[r]
the bathroom this morning, and maybe she was somehow tempted and teased there.
[￥]

[――]Will you do it until the very end?
[￥]

Jealousy and desire to monopolize Manami burned. Dad…… No, I couldn't help but tremble[r]
with the excitement of having my wife's heart stolen from me, as much as I could feel the[r]
strength of that man's attachment to Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0981]
[「]I wonder if it's okay if I go…… Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

To Manami, who was keeping an eye out for anxiety and expectations, I returned a smile with[r]
the face of a good husband who knew nothing.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh, of course. I'm glad that you're familiar with my family. Don't worry about me, just go.」
[￥]

Manami's eyes sparkled with relief.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m0982]
[「]I will come back as soon as possible. Please wait.」
[￥]

Manami answered with a smile, and she was already looking like a bitch …… a bitch in heat.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]