*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_22|Anxiety, Frustration, and Excitement
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[ウィンドウ表示]

I found myself sitting in the darkness of the peeping room for the next several hours or so,[r]
feeling deflated and defeated beyond recognition.
[￥]

Behind the wall, the baptized boys had already left, and the women were getting ready.
[￥]

I couldn't stay like this forever either. But even if I left, I couldn't move right away, worrying[r]
that I might run into Manami, not to mention the other women.
[￥]

While waiting…….
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_A】]
[「]Hey hey, I heard that you're the wife of Tomikura-sama's returned son, is that true?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1044]
[「]Eh?　Yeah, yes……」
[￥]

Suddenly, a woman from the village spoke to Manami, who responded in a puzzled manner. I[r]
peeped through the wall again.
[￥]

Inside the room, the sweaty and listless women were looking at Manami and laughing nastily.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_Ｂ】]
[「]So, I guess it's your job to 『Appease Kagachi-sama』 this year, huh?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1045]
[「]……Kagachi-sama, Appease……? 」
[￥]

Manami asked back questioningly. I’d never heard that term before.
[￥]

Is it a festival different from 「Kagachi-sama, Let's Play」……?
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_A】]
[「]It feels so good.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_Ｂ】]
[「]Hmmm. That one is definitely ……Hey.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_Ｃ】]
[「]Hey guys, don't mention Kagachi-sama's name while the sun is still up.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_Ｄ】]
[「]You're the one who said it.」
[￥]

The women chuckled. Hearing that, Manami made a calm expression as if she had realized[r]
something.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

But I, her husband, understood. In the depths of her eyes, an emotion that was neither[r]
frightening nor anticipating was shining.
[￥]

Are they saying that something still unknown awaits us as a couple?
[￥]

It seems that my body and mind are entwined in this mysterious bottomless swamp of[r]
Shiranawa Village.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Woman_A】]
[「]Well…… if you talk to me at night, everything will be clear.」
[￥]

Manami, exposed to the women's insidious and lustful gazes and smiles…… I think she[r]
must be feeling the same as I am right now.
[￥]

This uneasiness and frustration were mixed together, and I feel a dark excitement……
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]