*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_25|Cow Wife Brought In
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[イベント time=1000 file=H225]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

I came in my underwear as I was forced to witness Manami's fully disturbed and lascivious[r]
behavior. I was so aroused by the sight of my wife having sex with another man that I didn't[r]
even touch my crotch.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「][――]！」
[￥]

At that moment, my heart almost stopped unexpectedly. Reito, his cock still inside Manami,[r]
looked at me for a moment. I quickly averted my gaze, but he definitely looked at me and[r]
smiling.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]There's still some time until Kagachi-sama is Appeased……」
[￥]

He spoke as if he was talking to himself.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1078]
[「]…… Haa, Haa, Haa……Kagachi-sama……Appeased……Eh?」
[￥]

Unfamiliar words that are different from Kachi-sama Play.
[￥]

As if to answer Manami and my question, Reito said.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]Damn, it’s the perfect event for a slut like you…… Well, until then, we can fuck in my room.[r]
I'm tired of standing the whole time. Come on, let's go.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1079]
[「]…… Fu, I have to put on clothes ……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Reito】]
[「]Nobody's looking. If you want, I can carry you in front me me, your legs under my arms and[r]
my cock inside you..」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1080]
[「]No, no…… don't carry me like that, I'll walk…… I'll walk……」
[￥]

While dripping semen from her vagina, Manami left the barn as ordered by Reito.
[￥]

[全消去 trans=false]
[1000trans]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

The coldness of my semen-soaked underwear made me feel miserable, and I looked[r]
helplessly at the house where the two had entered.
[￥]

I couldn't even peek at how Manami was going to be made to cry and scream …… anymore,[r]
I could only chew the taste of humiliation.
[￥]

When I thought about Manami, who was completely at the mercy of that college student, I[r]
couldn't help feeling sick and angry.
[￥]

Before long, I saw the curtains close in the window on the second floor. Since they were the[r]
only two at home now, it was obvious that the two of them would go crazy having more sex[r]
in there.
[￥]

Imagining my beloved wife alone with that young man, writhing and squealing in agony, I[r]
turned back down the country road under the crazy hot sun.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]