*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_31|The End
[待ち time=1000]
[待ち time=2000]
[音楽 file=Ｈ３]
[イベント time=1000 file=H239e]
[待ち time=1000]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ha, ha……」
[￥]

I was made to watch my wife being raped all night long.
[￥]

My head felt dizzy. An unimaginable amount of jealousy was swirling inside me, yet[r]
somehow I was also excited at the same time.
[￥]

I don't know how many times my cock had ejaculated even though I hadn’t even touched it.[r]
Moreover, it has not softened at all, and is still hard.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]……Manami was really……beautiful. It was beautiful)
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Even though I was just watching her get defiled[――]）
[￥]

The sight of Manami lying helplessly in front of me is divine, even though she has been filled[r]
with a large amount of semen. In fact, her beauty seems to stand out precisely because of[r]
her humiliation.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（][――]When I go back to Hikota, I want to fuck Manami as much as I can.)
[￥]

Love and jealousy seemed to drive me crazy, but all I could think about was that.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1185]
[「]Haa……Takahiko-sa……n……pussy……do it……[シンボル tx=黒ハート]」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Mana……mi……」
[￥]

As usual, Manami's eyes were cloudy and didn't reflect anything.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1186]
[「]Full, Please fill it up……[シンボル tx=黒ハート]」
[￥]

It was as if the voice of my heart had reached Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ha ha ha ha…… ahahahaha……」
[￥]

Manami slowly closed her eyes.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh, let's have a lot of pussy. Forever without getting tired……」
[￥]

Manimi's buttocks fell on the body of the god when she lost consciousness, and a filthy[r]
sound rang out.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]