*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_33|She Started Tutoring.
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=日常昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Speaking of which……」
[￥]

I turned around when I was about to leave the living room.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Today is the day you teach our neighbors a lesson.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1194]
[「]Yes. that's right」
[￥]

I can't help but admire Manami's smiling face. I think Manami has become even more[r]
beautiful since our homecoming.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]You really likes those kids.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1195]
[「]Yeah, because they’re cute, aren’t they?」
[￥]

Recently, Manami has been gathering the boys in the neighborhood to our house and[r]
teaching them to study.
[￥]

Since Manami graduated from one of the most famous private universities in Tokyo, it seems[r]
that she had been asking the wives in the neighborhood if she could help teach for a long[r]
time.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Are they that cute?」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1196]
[「]Yeah, very」
[￥]

She says that and smiles again. I didn't miss the moment when behind that pretty smile, a[r]
vulgar feeling rose up.
[￥]

The same exchange as usual. Peaceful daily life should have returned.
[￥]

However, since that time, Manami’s whole body had a luster that seemed to ooze out.
[￥]

And now I'm fascinated by it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]A child, I want one..」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1197]
[「]…… Me too, very much.[シンボル tx=黒ハート]」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Come. Let's kiss again」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1198]
[「]Yes[シンボル tx=黒ハート]」
[￥]

After kissing, I left the house.
[￥]

While imagining what will happen in this house after I leave.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]