*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_35|Sow and Three Cubs
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……」
[￥]

How long has it been since I started installing hidden cameras in my home?
[￥]

Ever since I told her that I wanted a child, Manami continued to have sex with the boys in the[r]
neighborhood and had them cum inside her.
[￥]

Manami’s sleeping face is so calm in her bed, it's hard to believe that she was indulging in[r]
an orgy with boys in the video just hours ago.
[￥]

……I really couldn't believe that my beloved wife beside me was doing such a thing.
[￥]

The fact that boys much younger than myself are playing with my wife as they please and[r]
also having unprotected sex with her without contraception and shooting a lot of cum inside[r]
her.
[￥]

At the same time as I can't help but regret it, it brings me tremendous excitement.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1316]
[「]Hmm, yeah…… Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]What is it?」
[￥]

I tried to call out to her thinking that she had woken up, but Manami was still asleep with a[r]
peaceful expression on her face.
[￥]

I love Manami so much that I gently kiss her cheek.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1317]
[「]Hmm……Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

With my name being spoken like this, I wonder if I'm appearing in Manami's dream. I hope[r]
we get along well with each other in that dream.
[￥]

I wonder if someday this sleep talk will become someone's name that isn't mine.
[￥]

…for example, the names of those boys.
[￥]

When I think about what it would really be like, my eyes become pitch black. It was a very[r]
sad, frustrating, and unforgivable image, but I couldn't help but get excited.
[￥]

But for now, let's spend our days keeping secrets from each other, rejoicing that we still[r]
have our names in our sleep.
[￥]

If this life continues, it may be a temporary routine that will collapse at some point.
[￥]

But for now, I want to live my days with this crazy mixture of indignation and excitement.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Good night, Manami…」
[￥]

I crawl into bed beside her while reluctantly reminiscing about her lovely sleeping face.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1318]
[「]Takahiko-san……I love you……」
[￥]

Hearing that sleep talk, my mouth loosened involuntarily.
[￥]

The world of the extraordinary, separated by a thin film from everyday life, will still continue[r]
tomorrow.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I love you too …… you in someone else's arms ……」
[￥]

I closed my eyes, my groin tingling with such a premonition.
[￥]

[ウィンドウ消去]
[全消去 trans=false]
[セピアイベント trans=false file=H249a]
[3000trans]
[待ち time=5000]

*scene_end

[シーン終了 time=2000]

[フッタ]