*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_36|Breath for Two
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=日常昼]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

I check the time on my watch. It was a little after 3:00 pm.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It's about time……」
[￥]

The listening devices in the living room and bedroom said that the other party would be here[r]
at about this time today. I checked my surroundings and then quietly slipped out of the office.[r]
Then, I slid my body into the dead space at the end of the hallway.
[￥]

I took out my cell phone and called Manami’s number. After a few rings, she picked up..
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1319]
[「]……Yes……Hello, Takahiko……san?」
[￥]

It sounds like she has a slightly flustered voice. Her breathing was strangely rough, as if she[r]
had a fever.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm sorry to call at this hour. Are you busy?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1320]
[「]Oh no, it's okay. Um, did something happen?」
[￥]

Manami's voice was clearly disturbed. It would seem so. Was she just having sex with a[r]
lover……or was she doing it right now?
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I just wanted a quick chat. Is now a good time to call you?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1321]
[「]……Yes……it’s okay.」
[￥]

Listening carefully, I thought I could hear someone else's voice coming from behind the[r]
receiver. No, it must actually be someone else. Otherwise, Manami would not have[r]
answered the phone in such a panicked voice.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Actually, I'm going to work a little overtime today, so I'm going to be late. I think I'll be home[r]
at around 11pm at the earliest. That's why I thought I'd have you eat dinner first.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1322]
[「]Oh, ……, so ……, yes, ……, I understand.」
[￥]

I was at a loss for words in places. Listening intently, I heard two sighs from the other end of[r]
the receiver.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]……I knew it)
[￥]

I continued to talk without revealing my inner feelings.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]By the way, are you feeling ok? You seem to be out of breath.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1323]
[「]……Ha, yes……just a little……it looks like I have a fever……and……」
[￥]

Certainly, the feverish, intermittent sighs made the back of my head instinctively go haywire.[r]
At this moment, someone other than me is touching Manami. Maybe even stimulating her[r]
where it matters most.
[￥]

The fact that Manami's voice sounded feverish was definitely not due to her poor physical[r]
condition. Knowing that, I pretended to be calm.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Do you have a cold?　If you're not feeling well, get some rest early. You don't have to wait for[r]
me. I'll eat out.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1324]
[「]I'm sorry…… can you do that for me today?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm going to be late.　I'll pick up some pudding on the way home.」
[￥]

I could faintly hear the conversation taking place on the other side of the receiver.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1325]
[「]Well, then, I guess I'll ask you for that favor…… Good luck with your work. I understand you[r]
won't be back until after 11pm.」
[￥]

Why does she have to be careful after 23:00…… There is only one reason. She wants to[r]
clarify the time when I will return and make sure that everything is fine until then.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah sorry. You should eat the pudding tomorrow morning. I'll keep it in the refrigerator. Just[r]
stay quiet in your room instead of going out today.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1326]
[「]Ha, yes…… *kiss*, yes, I will……」
[￥]

Manami’s voice was strangely lustrous as she forcibly endured her rough breathing, and[r]
despite that, I got an erection.
[￥]

But I can never let her know that.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]For the time being, that's all I have to say……I love you, Manami.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1327]
[「]Yes…… I love you too[――]」
[￥]

[ＳＥ file=通話終了]

The phone hangs up before I can finish. As I listened to the inorganic beep-beep sound[r]
echoing from the receiver, I could feel my hard cock twitching in my pants.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]