*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_38|My Beloved Wife Eventually Turned Into a Bitch In Heat
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

The dark room was dimly illuminated by the pale light of the monitor.
[￥]

Displayed on the monitor, there are a lot of video files that contain the recordings of various[r]
acts that Manami did with Reito at this house.
[￥]

I write the date and a brief description of the acts in the video file from today's midday scene[r]
that I just finished watching and save it.
[￥]

My collection grows steadily. In the beginning, she was hesitant to even welcome him into[r]
this house, but now she enjoys doing it even in our bedroom.
[￥]

As time goes by, she gets used to bringing in men, and gets deeper and deeper into it.
[￥]

I pretend not to notice it and just keep watching, trying not to let my jealousy and excitement[r]
out.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]……I wonder what kind of perverted acts she will record next.)
[￥]

Sex in positions she’s never done with me, or playing with sex toys.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Why don't I ask Reito himself and demand even more vulgar acts? )
[￥]

The fantasies come one after another. I find myself irresistibly aroused, and I find myself[r]
scorched by regrets that seem irretrievable.
[￥]

What kind of things are waiting for us in the future? When I think about it, the pain in my[r]
crotch doesn't seem to go away.
[￥]

……I was enjoying my current situation.
[￥]

[ウィンドウ消去]
[全消去 trans=false]
[セピアイベント trans=false file=H254]
[3000trans]
[待ち time=5000]

*scene_end

[シーン終了 time=2000]

[フッタ]