*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_41|What I Wanted
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

The moment I stepped into the main shrine, I was dazzled. Ayaka-san staggered beside me[r]
again, so I hurriedly extended my hand to support her body.
[￥]

[彩花 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0571]
[「]I'm sorry……」
[￥]

I could not afford to respond to that now.
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

The space is filled with a rich, sweet aroma that is a bit too strong for the nose.
[￥]

This scent is more noticeable than the smell of sweat, even though the men are all dressed[r]
in white and each wearing a mask, and are gathered in one room.
[￥]

[長太郎 file=私服邪ま]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]Kukukuku. Do you understand? I'm burning incense that awakens the beast's instincts that[r]
sleep dormant in people.」
[￥]

Such explanations were meaningless to me now.
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]
[彩花 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0572]
[「]Oh …… so beautiful……」
[￥]

I nod without really hearing her words. My gaze was simply drawn to the object in the center[r]
of the main shrine.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=500]
[音楽 file=不安]
[イベント time=1000 file=H230]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1404]
[「]Haaaa……, hiii…… This is no good, no good……」
[￥]

The voice was emanating from the pedestal enshrined in the center.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Mana……mi…」
[￥]

A gurgling sound escaped my throat.
[￥]

Manami, stripped naked, was bound with her arms behind her back. The rope used to bind[r]
her was a woven straw rope like a shimenawa (a rope used to tie a woman's hands and[r]
feet). Her ankles were also tied with ropes as if they were turned around a pole.
[￥]

And it was tied to a huge penis-shaped pedestal.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0573]
[「]Manami-san……you're beautiful……」
[￥]

Certainly, Manami who was tied up and unable to move was beautiful.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1405]
[「]Hah, please, make it even more intense……」
[￥]

A shiny black dildo was thrust between her legs, which were spread wide open. It seemed to[r]
have been in her pussy for a long time and was dripping with bubbling love juice.
[￥]

The huge penis pedestal holding Manami in place was shining brightly with the love juice that[r]
had spilled out.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1406]
[「]Oh, I can't cum at all. I can't cum at all……More and more………[シンボル tx=黒ハート]」
[￥]

Drool was pouring from her sloppily opened mouth, and her eyes were unfocused. I don't[r]
know how long she had been left in that state.
[￥]

Ayaka-san stands next to Manami, looking at her and rubbing her thighs together in a fidgety[r]
manner.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1407]
[「]I can't take it anymore…… It's frustrating to play around with it.」
[￥]

When she shakes her body, the paper pasted around her navel sways.
[￥]

The paper had the word 「Offering」 written on it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Nagataro】]
[「]The woman who plays the role of the lady has to prepare like that for one hour before[r]
Kagachi-sama can be appeased.」
[￥]

She is then tied to a huge dildo and forced to suck a dildo coated with an aphrodisiac into[r]
her vaginal meat. She is also made to breath incense that increases her sexual desire, and[r]
her body continues to be pushed to the very edge.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh, Manami …… how beautiful ……」
[￥]

She is no longer my beloved wife, but an offering to a God.
[￥]

From the depths of the dimly lit room, the priests were emitting a low, roaring, mysterious[r]
sound that could not be described as a word or a song. It also distorted this space.
[￥]

The men's chanting, Manami's gasps, and the smell of the burning, sweltering incense and[r]
males and females in heat.
[￥]

This room where they swirled was completely otherworldly. It makes you feel as if you have[r]
stepped into the world of lewd dreams.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Haa…… Haa…… Haa……」
[￥]

But this is what I wanted. I can't hold back my excitement when I think that my beloved wife[r]
will be touched by so many men, penetrated hole after hole, and tortured to the limits of her[r]
physical strength and willpower.
[￥]

I noticed that the main shrine was quiet. It seemed that before I knew it, the ritual prayer had[r]
ended.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1408]
[「]Kagachi-sama……Comfort you……I will serve you! Please let me comfort you……!」
[￥]

Manami's voice, which broke the silence, had only the nature of a bitch in heat.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]This is it, this is what I wanted ……!)
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1409]
[「]I beg you!　Let me comfort you…… I will serve you so much, so much!　Please let me[r]
comfort you!」
[￥]

[イベント file=H231]

Perhaps her voice was a signal, but the men silently took off their white robes. And to show[r]
off to Manami who can't move, they display their cocks that curve up to their belly-buttons.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1410]
[「]Oh, this, this is what I want……」
[￥]

Manami's eyes sparkle as she looks at the penises, each of which is a different color and[r]
shape. A man pulled out the dildo that was in Manami’s vagina with a slurping sound.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1411]
[「]Ah, ah ah ……」
[￥]

She lets out a soul-destroying scream. Manami’s vagina is overflowing with her white love[r]
juices without end.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1412]
[「]Hurry up, please hurry up…… give me that splendid Kagachi-sama.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami……」
[￥]

I stand beside her and look down at her. Manami looks up at me in my mask with stunned[r]
eyes.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1413]
[「]……Taka……hiko-san……?」
[￥]

How did she know it was me when she had been ravished by the incense they had been[r]
burning and rushed for hours to get ready?
[￥]

As she glanced around, she seemed to see her father-in-law, Nagataro, and her mother-in-[r]
law, Ayaka.
[￥]

Manami opens her eyes wide and was at a loss for words.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1414]
[「]Ta……Takahiko……san…….? Beside my father-in-law…… my mother-in-law……」
[￥]

Everyone is silently staring at Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1415]
[「]No, no…… this is …… this is …… this is ……」
[￥]

She shakes her head and repeats meaningless denials. Only from the waist down, she[r]
wiggled like a living creature. The sight of her was irresistibly lovely.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It's okay, Manami. I know everything. I asked for it all. The only reason I came back here this[r]
time was to …… make you be with a man other than me……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1416]
[「]…… e…… e……?」
[￥]

She was looking at me with a confused expression.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm the type of person who gets very excited when the woman I love with all my heart is[r]
embraced by someone other than myself. And so is my father……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1417]
[「]Ah…… ah…… ah, Takahiko-san…… ah…… ah…… no…… please don't look at me, please[r]
don't look at me. Look, don't look, ohhhhh……」
[￥]

She shook her head as I stretched out my hand to Manami who twisted her waist and tried[r]
to escape. I rubbed her soft breasts from above her white clothes. They were oh so soft.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1418]
[「]Ah, Haa, Haa…… No, no. Please stop…… don't look at me like this…… don't look at me[r]
like this……」
[￥]

Even though she said she didn't like it, her neck was red and puffy, and her breathing was[r]
rough, probably due to excitement. She is clearly excited about the situation.
[￥]

My father approaches Manami as she is writhing. His cock was already reaching for the[r]
heavens, and we didn’t miss the gasp Manami made when she glanced at it.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Come on, Manami, let's fall together.」
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]