*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_43|Two From Then, Two From Now
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=日常昼]
[1000trans]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1459]
[「]Take a look, Takahiko-san. The weather is very nice today.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]The weather has been so nice lately. It's made the temperatures so much warmer, though.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1460]
[「]Ufufu. It can't be helped since it's summer. But don't you think it's more like summer when[r]
it's hot?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I agree. Look, I'm sweating here.」
[￥]

While laughing, I lightly wipe the sweat from Manami’s nose.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1461]
[「]Oh my god…… it's embarrassing……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Hahaha. Thanks to the hot summer, I can see your cute side, so it’s very welcome.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服怒り]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1462]
[「]Please don't say such embarrassing things anymore.」
[￥]

After returning home, we continued our normal lives.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1463]
[「]You must leave soon.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Oh no.」
[￥]

I hurry up and get ready to go.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服怒り]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1464]
[「]Don't leave yet, there’s something you forgot.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]That’s right」
[￥]

I laugh, hug Manami, and kiss her softly.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1465]
[「]Hmmm…… *kiss*, *kiss*……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]See you」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1466]
[「]Yes, have a good day.」
[￥]

I picked up my bag and stopped on the way to the entrance and called out to Manami.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… Manami, about the meeting, it's set for this Saturday.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1467]
[「]……Yes」
[￥]

She responds with a slightly strained voice with a hint of excitement.
[￥]

In an instant, it was as if the refreshing atmosphere of the morning changed to something[r]
lewd.
[￥]

In order for Manami to understand, I corrected the position of the object in my trousers. Of[r]
course, Manami noticed that, and her gaze was fixed.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Dad and Ayaka-san are coming out from the country too…… I'm looking forward to Saturday[r]
night.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1468]
[「]…………ha……yes」
[￥]

Looking at Manami who was looking down, I smiled inside.
[￥]

I left for work while she was distracted by the thought of the weekend.
[￥]

[完全消去 trans=false]
[1500trans]
[待ち time=2000]
[待ち time=2000]
[待ち time=1000]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Finally, huh……」
[￥]

The long-awaited day has finally arrived.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]