*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_45|Return to Normal
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=不安]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I don't …… want …… to go to ruin………)
[￥]

As I thought about it, I found the horror building up at an accelerated pace.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]If it stays like this, won't it be irreversible? )
[￥]

Such thoughts swelled up in my heart…… Fear quickly overwrote the excitement.
[￥]

The fear that the ordinary daily life that I have built with Manami until now will be irreparably[r]
destroyed …….
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]What was I doing? This village's…… strange atmosphere has made me go crazy……[r]
what's wrong with me……!? )
[￥]

The regret that welled up at the same time as the fear, was inversely proportional to its[r]
intensity, and cooled my head.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami, let's get ready to go home soon.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1510]
[「]……eh?」
[￥]

Manami made a surprised face at my sudden words.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah, something terrible happened at work. I have to hurry back for work.」
[￥]

After cooling down and regaining my composure, I invented an appropriate excuse without[r]
hesitation.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]It's a day earlier than planned, but let's go home.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1511]
[「]Yes. got it」
[￥]

Manami still showed some bewilderment, but perhaps because my expression was a serious[r]
one, she nodded obediently and immediately started getting ready to go home.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[完全消去 time=1000]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=憂鬱]
[愛実 trans=false file=私服普通]
[1000trans]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1512]
[「]Somehow…… the trip was over in the blink of an eye.」
[￥]

On the way home, Manami said with a wry smile.
[￥]

I thought that my father would stop us from suddenly returning home, but Manami and I[r]
were able to leave Shiranawa Village unexpectedly smoothly.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I agree. Next time…… Let's do it slowly」
[￥]

I gave a plausible answer that I hadn't even thought of.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1513]
[「]Eh, yeah…… that's right.」
[￥]

Manami looked a little shaken at my words, but she quickly changed to her usual wife's face[r]
and smiled.
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]Next time, huh……)
[￥]

Right now, I don't think there will be a 「next time」.
[￥]

Manami must be thinking the same thing[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]…………）
[￥]

But something black is stuck in my heart and I can't shake it.
[￥]

When I left the house, my father came out to see me off……that that sticky, entwined gaze.
[￥]

In my head, that eerie gaze was stuck forever.
[￥]

With this unidentified feeling of instability.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]