*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_46|Happiness as Usual, Its Resumption
[待ち time=1000]
[待ち time=2000]
[待ち time=1500]
[待ち time=1000]
[音楽 file=日常昼]
[ウィンドウ表示]

It's been a few months since I returned to my hometown full of maddening desires and dark,[r]
obscene temptations.
[￥]

Recently, the strong sunlight that burns the skin has subsided, and the mornings and[r]
evenings have become quite cool. The season is already approaching autumn.
[￥]

That summer vacation, which resembled a nasty haunting, has passed, and Manami and I[r]
have completely returned to our usual mediocre lives.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1514]
[「]Takahiko-san, did you forget anything?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yes. All right. It's perfect..」
[￥]

Manami sees me off with a smile.
[￥]

About a week from now, I will be away from home on a business trip.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Well then, give my best regards to my father-in-law and mother-in-law.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1515]
[「]Yes. Takahiko-san, please don't get sick or injured.」
[￥]

Manami didn't hide her lonely expression even though it was only a week.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Haha, I’ll only be gone a week. That's an exaggeration, Manami.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服不安]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1516]
[「]For a week. I'm lonely that I can't see you for a week……」
[￥]

Manami looks dissatisfied and she even makes a sulking face.
[￥]

However, I also know that it doesn't just come from loneliness.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I'm sorry, Manami. When I get home, I'll be sure to celebrate our wedding anniversary.」
[￥]

Our wedding anniversary occurs during my business trip.
[￥]

Although Manami actually has not been so outspoken about her dissatisfaction so far, since[r]
it was for work reasons, she was still disappointed that it was no longer possible.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]We'll be three days late, but we'll definitely make time to celebrate together.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1517]
[「]It's a promise, Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ah, I promise you, Manami……」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1518]
[「]Ah……. Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

I hug Manami tightly.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]I’ll miss you too, Manami.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服普通]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1519]
[「]Takahiko-san…」
[￥]

Manami was a little surprised, but she immediately wrapped her arms around me and[r]
hugged me back.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Well, I better get going.」
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服発情]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1520]
[「]Ah…… ah, Takahiko-san……」
[￥]

Manami was a little embarrassed……but she closed her eyes in front of me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Yeah, I know…… Manami ……」
[￥]

[立ち絵消去]

Guessing her feelings, I put my lips together.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1521]
[「]Hmm…… *kiss*」
[￥]

Manami was still blushing with embarrassment, but rather aggressively sucked my lips.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]She was my stepmother, who had recently married to become my father's second wife,[r]
although she could be considered my sister in terms of age.
[￥]

I release my lips and leave this time.
[￥]

[愛実 file=私服笑い]

[名前 id=【Manami】 file=m1522]
[「]Yes. See you later, Takahiko-san.」
[￥]

[全消去 time=1000]

Manami also sent me off with a smile.
[￥]

To be honest, after experiencing such a summer, I would be lying if I said that I had no[r]
worries about leaving Manami alone.
[￥]

However, while I was on a business trip, Manami said that she would stay at her parents'[r]
house.
[￥]

Then I can rest assured[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……I mustn't, it's already that late.」
[￥]

If I am careless, I will miss the bullet train.
[￥]

I hurriedly ran and headed for the main street to hail a taxi.
[￥]

[音楽停止 style=フェード time=1000]
[全ＳＥ停止]
[全消去 trans=false]
[1000trans]
[待ち time=500]
[ウィンドウ表示]

…………
[￥]


…………
[￥]


……
[￥]


……
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]