*prepare
[ヘッダ]

*kag005_49|Mysteriously Sweet Whispers

My throat gurgled.
[￥]

Ayaka[――]Make her just for me[――]?
[￥]

For a moment, I even thought that Ayaka's murmur with just that one word might have been[r]
an auditory hallucination brought on by the ambiguous and uncertain atmosphere of the time[r]
between day and night …….
[￥]

No[――].
[￥]

To begin with, is the woman lying on the futon in front of me really Ayaka?
[￥]

Is she really the Ayaka I know, the one who performed a lascivious act in my arms and[r]
screamed so charmingly?
[￥]

I think they are some kind of …… evil demon of the rivers and mountains that my brain[r]
showed me, which are convenient for me.
[￥]

But.
[￥]

[音楽 file=憂鬱]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[（]I will make Ayaka…… mine, my own.)
[￥]

Once again, I don't feel anxiety, let alone fear, in the words that bite into my heart. Rather, I[r]
want to do it, and I even think that it should be.
[￥]

It doesn't matter if this Ayaka is a demon. I don't care if it's a convenient illusion.
[￥]

Women are demons to begin with. To men, they are a kind of bewitchment.
[￥]

When I think about it, those words in my heart are terrifying…… even terribly alluring.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]……I want to. I want her to be mine only.」
[￥]

I clearly said that while feeling the heat emanating from within me.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0663]
[「]Takahiko……san」
[￥]

Ayaka replied with the same voice as before, which confused me.
[￥]

Ah[――]She wasn't an illusion[――].
[￥]

The Ayaka in front of me was definitely Ayaka.
[￥]

Regardless of whether it's Ayaka that I know, that I should have known.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0664]
[「]……Then, prove that those words aren't a lie.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…… Prove?」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0665]
[「]Break up with Manami-san and be with me.」
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Manami…… and……?」
[￥]

Those words somehow brought me back to normal.
[￥]

With Manami…… my beloved wife, break up……
[￥]

That moment when my cool head was trying to make a calm decision[――].
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0666]
[「][――]Hey, please Taka-kun …… make your sister yours and yours alone this time ……」
[￥]

Ayaka's sweet voice makes my brain melt.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]Ayaka……」
[￥]

Paralyzed and numb, my brain stopped functioning.
[￥]

I don't think I need anything else as long as I have Ayaka. I don't think I need anything else…
[￥]

[名前 id=【Ayaka】 file=a0667]
[「]Please……Taka-kun……」
[￥]

Ayaka muttered once again.
[￥]

[名前 id=【Takahiko】]
[「]…………」
[￥]

Although I didn't reply at that time…… my head was already filled with only one answer.
[￥]

*scene_end

[シーン終了]

[フッタ]